His indomitable courage is a source of inspiration.
Write down some facts about the people's life there, not just about the buildings, not just about the natural beauty.
It's a good start.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100% primary education.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana has provided risk insurance to crores of people who desperately need it.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a time-bound manner.
I have fond memories of working with Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu in the party and government.
Remembering Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young people of Andaman had dedicated themselves to India's independence.
We have accelerated policy formulation in this area.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of metro rail.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts towards underground mining and gas from coal mines through the use of latest technology.
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
He said the focus of the government is to increase production through faster connectivity.
The month-long expedition will cover the distance from Haridwar to Patna through river rafting.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from the PM-KISAN scheme.
10 days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
But if we do not have faith in our strength, in our ability, then no one will accept.
He said that in the field of agriculture also, a new 'culture paradigm' needs to be developed through the use of technology with a view to benefitting the farmers.
In July this year, we have implemented a uniform Goods and Services Tax system across the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the centenary celebrations of the Karnataka Lingayat Education Society, in Belagavi.
Now some people might say why did you take only two years?
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
If there are these in the youth of a country, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology but will also make its mark in sports.
But the rain is waiting.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of Urban Planning and Development.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
Interacting simultaneously with beneficiaries and store owners across more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that to ensure the availability of high-quality medicines at low prices, the government has taken two major steps.
An increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in areas that were never thought of.
Our security forces have been given full freedom.
The MoU will help move towards attracting Saudi Arabian institutions for potential investment in the infrastructure sector in India.
His visit is significant for both countries as our strategic partnership completes a decade.
She cycled about 300 kilometres daily for 159 days.
You can also be a big catalyst agent in increasing the country's tourism by using this time from the month of October to the month of March.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their gurus, mentors and coaches, and their teachers who have guided them since childhood.
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
He said that just as Sardar Patel ensured political integration of the country, GST will ensure economic integration.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
The decision should come within six months during the fast track process.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, technologies to increase energy efficiency and produce non-polluting energy.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in the discharge of his new responsibilities.
He underlined that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
Incorporation of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Mizi) in place of 'Momba' in serial number 9.
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 GW of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
I commend the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering for celebrating Dhanwantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Day.
We look forward to increasing investment in next-generation infrastructure, including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital networks, and energy.
Just as we have implemented the Sendai Framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Since last month, he has started listening to 'Mann Ki Baat' in regional languages soon after my 'Mann Ki Baat' was completed.
The Prime Minister said that the gathering here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
I would also request the listeners of 'Mann Ki Baat' who work on Sanskrit to consider how to take forward Komal ji's suggestion.
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari and Jan Andolan.
The Prime Minister extended his heartiest congratulations to all those associated with this magnificent feat.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today held an informal meeting with all Secretaries to the Government of India, senior officials of Ministries.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and at the Centre.
I see immense potential for investors that has not yet been tapped.
This provides a mechanism for capturing rising land prices.
I am confident that the business partnerships they will establish will add momentum to our trade relations.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district are from Kerala itself.
Almost all the countries of the world made this opportunity of yoga their own.
He also recalled the contribution of members of the Indian community to the Kenyan independence movement.
I appreciate all the people and organizations engaged in the construction of more and more toilets in different parts of the country.
The Prime Minister said, "On Air Force Day, greetings to air warriors and their families.
He said that we are entering a period of greater energy availability, but it is a pity that more than a billion people in the world are still without electricity.
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts have also seen an increase of about 90% this year from the previous year.
I congratulate the people of Kochi in this proud moment.
On behalf of the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the government of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Therefore, there will be additional benefits if new technology is tried to be used in the construction of new houses in India.
Shriman Gurbachan Singh Ji's family has given us one such example.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are strong examples of this.
Today, we live in an interconnected world.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Plan document for Narmada Pravah - Narmada River.
As a society, as a country, 30th January, 11 o'clock 2 minutes tribute, it should become instinctive.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the central government that have led to a reduction in the price of medicines and a reduction in the price of stents.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will also launch an air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Sikkim's first and the country's 100th airport - Pakyong was inaugurated. India won the Under-19 Cricket World Cup and Blind Cricket World Cup.
Gradually, work will progress in that direction.
I will also address a public meeting.
In the interest of the country, when all the parties work together, the decisions are also good, quick, and the results are also good.
Protocol for Consultations between the Foreign Ministries of the two countries for the period 2019-23
The Prime Minister quoted author Ramvriksh Benipuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood at that time.
Our festivals also teach us social values.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have spread the message of peace and harmony across the world.
All these great men toured India extensively.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and the respect extended to him throughout his visit.
You are the leader of a great nation.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The central government will support the steps taken by the state government.
He encouraged them to share unique experiences and write on the subject during the visit.
From cause lists to case law, the lawyer's library is now a click away from your mobile.
The Prime Minister began the virtual consecration of the statue by pressing the button.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast track to growth.
The Prime Minister said that now more and more people have access to generic medicines, which has not only reduced the cost of healthcare but has also saved many precious lives.
The Founding Conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that she gave up her happy life and dedicated her life to the service of the poor.
In this context, he mentioned government programmes like Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, Bima Yojana, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
Railways will now be able to contribute to the transportation needs of the country in a better way.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
He also talked about the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of solidarity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in the world.
We are now a globally integrated economy.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is a part of our culture.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jharkhand, at a function in Sindri.
In India, if we compare the effects of cyclones in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be visible.
Through radio, in a way, I meet crores of families every month.
I am told that during the last two years, Rs. 1.2 crores have been given to this foundation.
Biofuels actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
In the 'Swachhata Hi Seva' movement, we can see how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can serve the country.
This time the golden jubilee of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The meeting was also attended by the Chief Minister of Gujarat, Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and senior officials of the state government, disaster relief agencies and PMO.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations to a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar for a lifestyle of discipline and development.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever.
The Prime Minister said that it is our endeavour to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was constituted on 12 October 1993.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister will formally inaugurate the Bhagavad-gita by opening its pages.
He said that these noble deeds require close coordination and constant monitoring.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of yoga - togetherness.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
I will also visit religious places that have cultural links with India.
The Prime Minister will also release the blueprint of the Harit Rameswaram project.
All our players gave their best and played very well.
The Prime Minister held a meeting with the Chief Minister of the state, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan, and officials of the state government to review the situation arising out of the floods.
This concrete step of yours will go a long way in building a New India.
Russia has strongly supported India's bid for permanent membership of the UN Security Council as part of its reform.
It is said that the inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is essential for development today.
I express my special gratitude to the administration, governance and people of these five states for fulfilling this task.
Life goes on that you have got a sense of mission and that is your sense of ambition, is there any synergy happening between your mission and ambition?
Its range extends throughout South Asia.
Knowledgeable people have been respected for centuries since the time of the Upanishads.
He said that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
India is the third-largest economy by purchasing power parity (PPP).
It is estimated that there are more than two crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries, who were involved in today's presentation, was evident to the crowd present here today.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory regime to ensure the protection of their investments.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan, and the United Arab Emirates.
He also spoke of several other projects, including roads and Namami Gange related projects, which were either inaugurated or the foundation stone was laid today.
Even though India did not win the title, the young players of India won everyone's heart.
The Prime Minister said, "Today, Jan-Dhan Yojana completes three years.
I am happy that the younger generation is interested in knowing about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who sacrificed for this country.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
This is not justice with our rich experience and abundant design talent.
No new funds have been approved.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has connected crores of people to the banking system.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
Communication between us has increased at every level.
Therefore, I am surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has made a bilateral visit to Portugal so far.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
The Russian side expressed interest that Russia would like to participate in the international competitive bidding process when the Ministry of Railways of India decides on projects to increase the speed of trains.
The 1.25 billion citizens of India will welcome with new resolutions, new enthusiasm, new zeal, new dreams.
Friends, In my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
The Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to war.
Per capita plastic consumption in India is significantly lower than in many parts of the developed world.
It aims to create a minimally mobile community and bring public transport closer to transit.
All these projects present immense potential for Japanese industry.
"The benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
This is the fourth such event in a series of interactions by the Prime Minister through video bridge with beneficiaries of various government schemes.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister spoke of the Union Government's commitment towards providing housing for all by 2022.
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these three-four months are examinations.
India and Russia respect the establishment of a multi-polar world order in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of development of interstate relations in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Union Government has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the people.
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is steadily decreasing.
Many of our festivals uniquely embody the spirit of saving rivers and water.
Today we are gathered here with the belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
Aviation fuel demand is expected to quadruple by 2040, driven by growth in the aviation sector.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister briefed them about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in the state.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
India can proudly say that in India's army, not only the male power in the armed forces, but also the female power is contributing equally.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at 'Usha School of Athletics'.
It gives me immense pleasure to participate in the inauguration ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
The Prime Minister interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge for the fifth time.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
Now I specifically talk about food processing.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority sectors.
In addition, working capital loans on digital transactions have been asked to be increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
The two leaders also agreed to pursue bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the beneficial arrangements existing between the two countries.
The central government will release an immediate financial assistance of ₹325 crore to Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is starting now and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
The Prime Minister said that postmen have long been a respected and accepted figure in villages.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
It is playing a huge role for Gramodaya.
I am confident that the deliberations at this forum will bring the benefits of clean, affordable and sustainable energy to the citizens of the world.
Within hours, the video generated a tremendous amount of interest on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook.
He mentioned several initiatives including the introduction of GST, auction of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development.
The Prime Minister laid special emphasis on the shared values between India and Japan.
Both sides welcomed the setting up of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
The Prime Minister will dedicate to the nation the Western-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line built to ensure uninterrupted power supply to western Uttar Pradesh.
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the sun-warmed deserts, yoga is enriching every life, in every situation.
Shri Modi said that Pakyong Airport will facilitate air connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Intellectual Skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in student life.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand, on their Statehood Day.
This was also a feat done by our soldiers in the direction of peace.
He said Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
When you read inside, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of an ordinary person by using technology smartly and creatively.
Both sides reiterated that being multi-cultural, multi-lingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia have brought together civilizational wisdom to address today's challenges.
A Chartered Accountant can start a career in this new field by becoming an Insolvency Practitioner.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the situation arising out of the floods.
He also informed that the Fair and Cash Price (FRP) of sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19 will also be announced.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved measures to boost the hydropower sector.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
He assisted in the publication and dissemination of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding between the National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Small and Medium Business Corporation of Russia.
3. Short-term training of human resources in health.
You all know that when we successfully put in orbit for the 'Mars Mission', the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to the Make in India event.
Even today, the players of Team India are inspiring the new generation of hockey with the successes they are getting due to their hard work and perseverance.
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to imbibe the best from their experiences while engaging with various Ministries in the times to come.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will inaugurate the birth centenary celebrations of Nanaji Deshmukh tomorrow (October 11, 2017) at IARI, Pusa, New Delhi.
He informed that these steps are bringing a change in the lives of common people.
This interaction programme of the Prime Minister covered more than one crore women representing different groups.
You have imbibed our culture and made it your own.
Being partners in democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and vision for regional and global peace.
I want to see this kind of reading and library movement all over the country.
Friends, Till now, importers from India had to go abroad to see and buy raw diamonds.
The Prime Minister will release a document highlighting the achievements of the government.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
They will provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar.
On 8th October, we celebrate 'Air Force Day'.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but has also emerged as a country that is eradicating poverty at the fastest pace.
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
These experiences will enrich your life.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
When there is such a big event, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmosphere will be like?
The daughters here, today, are sewing from ordinary to fine clothes in addition to their own and their family's clothes.
Therefore, it is appropriate that Kochi should have a metro rail facility.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
He was committed to eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
He said India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the government would provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
And so the weight of points that it carries also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis has been laid on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and emotional connect for the entire North Eastern Region.
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to soon become a five trillion dollar economy.
The two leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalisation, the Prime Minister said.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a single economic zone.
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
57 teams of NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 boats, have been engaged in search and rescue operations.
That is, in a way, a system is being created to connect the farm with any market in the country.
"We salute the bravehearts who laid down their lives during this dastardly attack on Parliament," the Prime Minister said.
First of all, I express my deepest condolences to those who have died due to the recent earthquake in Aceh.
However, legal reforms can yield the desired results only if an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan for membership of the International Energy Group.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organization and their entire team and the citizens of Chandrapur.
The two leaders also agreed that given the vast developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China, as two important countries and emerging economies, should join hands to take the lead in providing unique and sustainable solutions to address the challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
Since the Council was formed fifty years ago, the industry in India has progressed rapidly.
For the first time, the tricolour was hoisted on the 75th anniversary of the Azad Hind Government from the Badalal-Qila of independence.
He has laid down his life while serving the nation.
He hailed the Prime Minister as a great leader and a "world leader."
The Prime Minister said that he was told, in the 13th century, that the Indian Sufi saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem and had meditated in a cave here.
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
It is not possible if the family in the family always denies the child and expects the neighbourhood to respect the child.
Today, India is the fastest growing large economy in the world.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritages safe and clean.
I congratulate all the athletes who are coming back with medals.
People will now be empowered through smartphones and digital devices with the aim of making financial services accessible to them.
My dear countrymen, greetings to all of you.
He recalled that the Central Government had earlier launched the 'Jan Dhan Yojana' to ensure financial inclusion.
You act as an interface between the government and tax paying citizens and companies.
She was a woman who could lead a comfortable life but remained engaged in the service of the poor.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have got an opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Expo.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55,000 people performed yoga together, setting a new world record.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we facilitated the smooth repatriation of over 90,000 Indian nationals from about 54 countries.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite - GSAT-11. "
6 labour and 3 environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs are now only required to provide self-attested documents.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
India's biggest tax reform i.e. GST has been implemented recently.
A list of 26 islands has been prepared for overall development.
In his message, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has said; "Greetings on World Environment Day.
India's economic interests can be better served by the large number of arbitration experts and lawyers available.
The Prime Minister said that the GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be easier and more transparent and will help curb corruption.
Swiss Bank has reported that deposits by Indians have reached an all-time low.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden for the relations between the two countries.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
Dr. Abdul Kalam worked throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
On our part, obviously we want more and more Japanese investment.
Schemes like Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping in better financial inclusion, the Prime Minister said.
He said that our armed forces are conducting an average of 10 major joint exercises with the armies of friendly countries every year.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
There is an occasion to worship Maa Durga.
His achievement is special because he made his challenge the medium of his success.
Noted nationalist and Tamil poet Subramania Bharati has been noted for his revolutionary poem Pudumai Penn, New Women and Women's Empowerment.
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been introduced.
During the last three years, my Government has paid special attention to the overall infrastructure development of the country.
Referring to the achievements in the field of sanitation, the Prime Minister said that since 2014, the coverage of clean areas has increased from 40 per cent to 80 per cent.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our archaeological heritage.
In this way, national assets will be put to the best use in the national interest.
The Prime Minister said that one-fourth of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector in one country or another.
As close neighbours, our relations span many layers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their businesses.
Both underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful co-existence.
The event will be held later in the afternoon at the Ring Road Tiraha in Hardua, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the players to use technology to improve their performance.
Kerala also has some of the oldest colleges, schools, and libraries in the country.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
He said the national highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
Trade and investment relations between us are getting stronger.
I will go to Haifa today to pay homage to our brave soldiers.
This change led to two significant changes in Indian politics.
"Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as the President of the United States of America.
On a mutually agreed date, the award will be presented to Mr. Modi by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation.
It is not surprising that Japan has today become India's fourth-largest source of FDI.
The business environment in the country has improved considerably due to a number of administrative reforms.
I have visited Japan several times during the last few years.
India is going through many major changes today.
Security and defence cooperation has given an emerging new dimension to our relations.
He said that Amul is not only associated with milk processing but is also a great model of empowerment.
Today, it is becoming increasingly difficult to live a stress-free life because of lifestyle, because of complacency, because of increasing responsibilities.
He said that the goal of the government is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
In this context, he mentioned various development-oriented initiatives of the government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
Otherwise, the kitchen budget of the common citizen of the country would have increased a lot had inflation continued to rise at the same pace as it was in the previous government.
He said that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
Any request for an increase by the state government will be considered.
The remaining land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
The Prime Minister said "this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifice of the people of our country for freedom."
He incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 volumes.
And I know how much an action against black money can do to any political party to eliminate shell companies.
I will also address the Indian community.
There they will unveil a plaque to mark the launch of certain features for visitors.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you to answer.
He appealed to all present to work towards 100% sanitation coverage by Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birth anniversary, 2nd October, 2019.
Women are strong, now they are also becoming armed.
The Prime Minister participated in detailed and separate review meetings on the flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland throughout the day.
We are bringing the Goods and Services Tax law to create a unified national market.
The Indian community in Portugal has been instrumental in deepening our bilateral relations.
In August 2016, a strict set of rules were put in place to curb benami transactions.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards innovation in areas such as food, water, health, and energy.
But when it comes to Ganesh Utsav, it is very natural to miss Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Ujjwala Yojana for clean energy to the people of the country, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojana for financial inclusion are a reflection of this spirit.
Despite rising crude oil prices, inflation remains within the prescribed range.
My condolences to those who lost their loved ones in the loss of lives due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian military personnel by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Jawans security forces deployed along the border.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
This will put an end to the issue that has been pending for almost 24 years.
These are also our values.
Livelihoods have reached the hands of the poor.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
Rather, it should strive to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
"I bow to Guru Ravidass Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidass Jayanti.
He welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
I had two memorable meetings recently.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
I assure all possible help from the government.
'Pariksha Pe Charcha 'was a special feature of this that there was an open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
The two leaders exchanged views on their respective visions on foreign policy for achieving global prosperity and security.
"Greetings to the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of their Statehood Day.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the battlefield, but also in the factories of the defence manufacturing industries.
Sister Nivedita also cooperated with the great scientist Jagadish Chandra Basu.
Being a market economy, our needs and strengths complement each other.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for establishing the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
Culture and people-to-people contact
The Prime Minister said that the conference has now become even more relevant in the context of the country's challenges and responsibilities.
We need to change this mindset.
Diversity calls for celebration; not confrontation.
The Prime Minister said India is rapidly moving towards becoming a gas-based economy.
The following areas of cooperation are covered under the MoU: -
For this purpose, we have launched the "Make in India" campaign.
We both agree that all countries need to take urgent action against nations that create terrorism in our region, support, shelter them, and allow these factories of terror to persist.
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as the AIIB can play a significant role in helping mobilize the necessary resources.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food grains.
He said the central government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will also not lag behind any other state in this race, and will keep pushing and moving forward.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
Now about three thousand small and big traders have got this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Respected Chairman, On behalf of the House and the countrymen, many congratulations and best wishes to you!
My dear countrymen, on the coming 4th of November, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti.
The project is also an example of eco-friendly development.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stand on the issue of triple talaq.
These brave sons of ours kept night and day together so that the countrymen could sleep peacefully.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya.
The Prime Minister said that if the impure environment is not cleaned, it promotes a situation where one begins to accept the circumstances.
In his address at the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhawan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
He said that our goal has been to double the income of farmers and make the life of farmers easier.
Fourth, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
I am confident that a strong India and a strong Japan will also bring stability to Asia and the world.
As far as 2017-18 is concerned, 55 percent of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
He said that PSUs have contributed significantly to nation building and the country's economy since independence.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the common people of India and Nepal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversaries.
India has shown tremendous resilience at a time when the global economy is in a period of uncertainty.
I especially request my young friends to participate in tomorrow's interaction.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination is very strong in many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, etc.
India is moving ahead on all these points towards economic recovery.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Our brave martyrs have sacrificed their lives.
The UAE is one of our most valued allies, and a close friend, in a significant part of the world.
It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders among themselves and isolate them from the political journey of their party.
He attached the highest importance to education and social reform.
During the last two financial years, we achieved about $55 billion in FDI.
This shows our commitment to provide houses to the poor, to the middle class.
As we have done, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
Together, we will build an India that is clean, healthy and fulfils the dream of Swaraj.
A new medical college will be opened between every 3 districts.
This decision of the government will give more loans to small shopkeepers, small industries.
He announced immediate release of additional assistance of Rs 500 crore under SDRF.
The Centre has assured all possible assistance to the Bihar government to deal with the flood situation.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
It is painful to see people affected by a disaster.
It was during his tenure that the timing of the presentation of the budget was changed.
The government has launched a series of transformational initiatives.
School children belonging to Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
The first requirement for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Thanks to the immense energy of the youth of our country, we are projecting India as a global manufacturing hub.
And then they printed some selected letters out of it.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in this change.
Any accumulation of waste or dirt within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
My participation in the Summit reflects India's high priority for its neighbours and resolve to continue to deepen our relations with our neighbours in South-East Asia.
Praising the Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that it was a privilege for him to be associated with the community.
Russia provided its support for India's membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by, friends.
Shri Modi said that medicines are being available at Jan Aushadhi Kendras at 50-90% lower prices than the market rates.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done significant work in the last 150 years.
We have achieved more capacity in renewable energy than in conventional energy during 2017.
The agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
The dream of 'Ek Bharat-Shreshtha Bharat' is embedded in it.
Programmes like GST and stringent action on corruption have helped people do business honestly.
The Prime Minister talked about topics such as climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of the discussion.
He stressed that 'We, the People', that is, we the people, must also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian - the Constitution - has for us.
He expressed confidence that Gujarat and its people would emerge stronger and successful from the challenge posed by the floods.
Preparation for Security Dialogue to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Mrs. Kim, First Lady of the Republic of Korea, congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
Now the Rath Yatra of Lord Jagannath is celebrated in some parts of the world as well.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
My young friends, you are well aware that I keep on 'Mann Ki Baat'.
He said that the Central Government is also laying a lot of emphasis on the development of waterways.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any collateral or guarantee.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation between the two countries in the areas of energy security and food security.
5. Both countries called on all countries to reduce global tensions and encourage the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency, and openness in inter-state relations.
It is changing the supply perspective;
Indian youth have excelled in this field thanks to their cutting-edge and out-of-the-box thinking.
The Prime Minister said the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme will transform the health sector.
It is a special beauty of India that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
With the inauguration of these two cancer hospitals, Varanasi will become an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
This will add immense strength to our strategic defence.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial transformation but also a social transformation.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
My best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ram Navami.
All major agencies such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and Asian Development Bank (ADB) have projected India's growth rate at 7 to 8 per cent in the near future.
Praising the various social initiatives being taken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has made several efforts to ensure that the living standards of the citizens, especially the poor and needy, are improved.
The Molecular Oncology Department of the institute was declared a "Centre of Excellence" by the Central Government in 2007.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
During the interaction today, the Prime Minister elaborated on India's policies in the area of climate change and environmental sustainability.
Sister Nivedita Ji restored the glory of Indian culture.
It is, therefore, the endeavour of the government to ensure subsidised healthcare to every citizen.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market, and macroeconomic stability.
He also said that this will instill confidence among the common people which is the key to a 'New India'.
130 crore Indians will give a befitting reply to every such conspiracy, every such attack.
This is his third Super Series Premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
Under this mission, an insurance cover of up to ₹5 lakh per family per year will be provided for hospitalization in the second and third phases.
Space technology will connect with the lives of our people in this region.
He believes that the simultaneous rise of India and China as two large economies and important powers, including strategic and decision-making freedom, is of regional and international importance.
He popularised India's musical traditions globally.
These members also shared their views on the long history of the two countries as well as mutual maritime links.
But the situation in most of the houses is that the umpires are more disturbed than the players.
The next step in this movement should be to convert waste into a valuable product.
I myself will be a candidate in this election.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for the warm welcome accorded to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He always inspired 125 crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in the region.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a mass movement.
There was praise for India's various economic reform agendas, including the GST.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled the promise of 'One Rank One Pension' for ex-servicemen and was happy to be able to fulfil it.
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are obvious.
A 182-metre-tall statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary at Kevadiya in Narmada district of Gujarat.
I urge all of you to also participate in this celebration of 'Run for Unity' mutual goodwill.
In addition, we have deregulated the prices of petrol and diesel.
Issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchange were discussed.
He said that our youth can never be deceived.
But let's not forget that it's not just government, money, planning, power that gets the job done.
He described GST as an example of cooperative federalism.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfer for 59 different schemes.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much emphasis is placed on rights as on duties.
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the central government.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will further strengthen the Indian economy.
This law will play an effective role in curbing cases of crime against women and girls.
I would also like to express my gratitude to UNCTAD for taking this initiative of India forward with strength and playing an active role in bringing it to this form.
7. Availability of health equipment and medicinal products.
We have moved towards a digital platform in fuel retail and payments.
India's position in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index, and Global Competitiveness Index is also progressing rapidly.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy course curriculum.
the exchange of these
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for entering into an Agreement between Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on Mutual Cooperation.
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the 'Mann Ki Baat' programme.
Some people told me that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people joined the cleanliness campaign at once.
Authorities are working to provide all possible assistance in the aftermath of the storm.
Under that scheme, our poor brothers and sisters will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
He said that organizing such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
He said that he himself has visited the North Eastern Region more than 25 times in the last four years.
He also spoke about the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
In fact, it is an act that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even the common man.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that all the projects inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid today have a total value of more than 14 thousand crore rupees.
At the same time, the important responsibility of the country is to protect its citizens.
Whether it is grandparents or grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations should do yoga together and upload their picture.
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote Arthashastra 2000 years ago.
Mahatma Gandhi's thought has inspired the whole world.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be consumer satisfaction.
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode initiative for 100 most backward districts of India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval for the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Afghanistan on Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
The MoU will create a mechanism and help in increasing scientific collaboration between R & D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
A Drishyakala museum has also been built in this Kranti Mandir.
We are also partners in South Africa's skill development efforts.
Appreciating the efforts of the diaspora, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that the diaspora has always made India proud.
His father raises his family by picking garbage.
India has always been a motivating factor for others in terms of intellectual ability and enterprise.
The continent itself has now become a centre of global economic activity.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 2nd October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on events related to sanitation and renewable energy.
The single window support cell provides support to foreign investors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will reach the remotest places and people living there very easily across the country.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
I have innumerable fond memories with him.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
Go ahead with this mantra.
At this time, the entire country stands with the people of the North East.
I want to congratulate all the players who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister will offer prayers in front of the 'Statue of Unity'.
Singaporean companies have become key partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities, and infrastructure development.
The two leaders also agreed to jointly contribute to sustainable solutions to global challenges such as climate change, sustainable development and food security and others in a positive and constructive manner.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated inspiring stories of transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
The Prime Minister spoke of the work being done towards modernising the transport infrastructure.
Best wishes to all the countrymen on this auspicious festival.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's thoughts have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
India contributes six per cent of global fish production.
We are also working tirelessly with mutual cooperation to mainstream solar energy as an international solar alliance.
We noted that President Temer's priority includes reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum and exhibition, and the visitors' gallery.
This in itself is a living example of a changed environment.
Sister Nivedita started cleaning drains and roads without worrying about her health.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said that he wants to warn the country that some elements are trying to create undue pressure on the judiciary.
Public Ganesh Utsav had become an effective medium of carrying forward the traditional reverence and celebration as well as the spirit of social-awakening, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present in the meetings.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas are now connected to rural roads.
My dear brothers and sisters, just yesterday, our countrymen celebrated 'Infantry Day'.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana.
The Prime Minister appreciated Secretary Carter's cooperation in strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
One of the major reasons we suffer from such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyles and changes in our eating patterns.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
The Prime Minister said that technology is beneficial only if it benefits the common man.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work unitedly towards those who are looking for a way out by talking about political conspiracy.
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching to innovative learning.
We salute the courage of the Indian Army and their invaluable services.
Under this, we offer about 700 scholarships annually for studies in Sri Lanka and India.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
He taught people the importance of cleanliness and service through his works.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
They will also distribute assistive devices to persons with disabilities.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
A few days ago, we all must remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
Since its inception, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefitted in just 100 days.
Friends, The poor and middle-class consumers have also benefited financially due to curbing inflation.
That's why we're constantly working to improve our investment environment.
And therefore, the state government is being helped a lot in increasing the basic facilities in the state.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of Directors General of Police at BSF Academy, Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh, on 7th and 8th January.
He also said that fuel burnt due to delays while crossing state borders will now be saved and will also benefit the environment.
In a natural way, we all experience how things progress.
He successfully placed 104 satellites in space through a single rocket launch.
People affected in disaster and after disaster are using social media to help each other.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will give impetus to the industrial development of Odisha and work towards using technology to improve the quality of life of the people.
I also look forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath in addition to Kathmandu.
This shows that there is still a craze among our youth towards our ancient heritage and our heroic heroes of history.
And if we give nature information to children, maybe they can come in handy in protecting the environment.
Conversely, if a person cleanses the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he himself does not accept the existing adversities.
• Insurance companies have been advised to settle claims of Ockhi cyclone victims expeditiously.
The Prime Minister complimented the school students for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to come up with more such innovations.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays early in the morning through yoga.
He will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch today.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature conservation and conservation.
He said that apart from the sugarcane sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
To make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented, we have shaped an ambitious roadmap.
I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of the President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo.
These bravehearts sacrificed themselves in the defence of 1.25 billion of us Indians.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those working for the memorial.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of developmental works at the district level.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
That is why Swami Vivekananda said, "The extension of life is the contraction of death."
I see in front of me, a very large number of Bal-Kanhaiya are also present here.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar's mantra of "Without Sanskar, No Sahakar."
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers' Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
This is also saving crores of rupees of the large consumer class belonging to the poor and middle class.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
The Prime Minister will reach Port Blair on the evening of 29 December.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with a house with toilet, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
The people of Meghalaya have made significant contributions to our country.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
President Temer's visit will open the way for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Today, along with human rights work at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been formed.
The Prime Minister said, "I am happy to note that people across Tripura celebrate the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm."
From Itanagar, the Prime Minister will return to Guwahati.
He said that areas near the sea can become the epicentre of our Blue Revolution.
Calling for a focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an important step in this direction.
Speaking to the media at the Ahmedabad airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has faced heavy rains in the last week.
These operations have taken place in many countries, including Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and other parts of the world.
There will be a series of such inspiring events next to you as well.
Jayalalithaa ji's love for people, concern for the welfare of the poor, women and the marginalized will always remain an inspiration.
Every moment we get to learn something from saints, sages, sages, great men.
This is another area that can become a link to further connect our societies.
This time every devotee will also be able to have a pious darshan of Akshaya Vat after the holy bath in the Sangam.
A number of aspects emerged that could certainly be of benefit to the students.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefiting from this camp every month.
In this event, apart from 13 medals, we won 3 more medals in the mix event.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building toilets was done like a mission.
Both sides took stock of the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
It is due to these efforts that we have been able to increase our ranking from 142 to 77 in the Ease of Doing Business.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
The memorial also has 24 frescoes depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
The Prime Minister said that it is important to identify the "last in line" so that the benefits of governance reach them.
India, along with its other partner countries and stakeholders in the region, will build an alliance or hub to boost disaster resilience infrastructure.
Friends, Our shared heritage of culture and trade will be stronger in the future as will the emotional bonds between us.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchayee Yojana envisages water for every farm.
1.25 billion Indians look forward to welcoming the leaders of ASEAN countries as our chief guests at India's 69th Republic Day celebrations.
We will cooperate fully.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
Our relations continue to be on an upward trajectory.
He saw an important place for the youth in the field of nation-building.
Adds the sum between this scatter.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most advanced range of our engagement.
Now a lot of positive change is being seen in the society regarding digital transactions as well.
If the US is strong, it will naturally benefit India.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do whatever it can to provide adequate water to farmers.
In this regard, he talked about India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
At an event in Bhopal earlier this month, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave jawans.
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the central government has worked to fulfil that vision of social democracy.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean occupies a special place in the policies of the government.
He hoped that the medal winners would not get lost in the glare of fame and awards and would focus all their attention on excellence.
Friends, It is also very heartening to see the United Nations come forward as an ally in this entire process.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of independence.
A number of state-level and central-level taxes have been abolished across India.
My dear countrymen, after the Diwali holidays, with a new resolve, with a new determination, all of you must have come together once again in your daily life.
We will work towards a qualitatively high level of military-to-military cooperation.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved which will lead to the construction of a 140 km long metro line.
· The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings, including multilateral events.
With the tradition of selling as much Khadi as there was since independence, I humbly say today, the sale of Khadi has already doubled.
This will boost the production of high-quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
He was an effective voice for the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
He complimented them for their dedication towards education as well as making it a life mantra.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
36 industries have been taken out of the ambit of environmental clearance requirement.
India's core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
First, the size of the cabinet in the states was restricted to 15 per cent of the total assembly seats.
The Prime Minister performed a special puja under the Statue of Unity.
There are also plans to hold bilateral meetings with the participating countries during the BRICS summit.
Together, we will build an India where youth and women will have ample opportunities to fulfil their dreams.
The Prime Minister will then reach the 'Wall of Unity' and inaugurate it.
They want to be reassured that the rules will not be changed arbitrarily overnight.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow will be such a lucky coincidence that yoga will get a new dimension.
Food processing is the way of life in India.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and other officials in Delhi and the states on the flood situation.
It has become the world's main growth engine.
The Prime Minister told the board members of USISPF that India and the US have benefited greatly from economic cooperation.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramadan, I extend my warm greetings and best wishes to the people of India and around the world, especially to the Muslim community, on this holy month.
I had thanked all the parties that day as well.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of a 425 km long railway track doubling project on the Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsain-Khairar sections.
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive support in successfully discharging their new responsibilities.
On the eve of this Republic Day, I congratulate the bravehearts and their families who have been honoured with various gallantry awards.
"I extend my best wishes to all of you on National Voters' Day.
Gurus are highly respected in our society.
Sports are still considered a waste of time in society.
I am pleased with the large participation of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and CEOs from oil producing and consuming countries.
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the air warriors and their families, on Air Force Day.
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
We want to build land, sea and air connectivity in the region.
There was a demand for a constitutional seat to the OBC Commission for years.
Regional and international cooperation will be helpful in furthering such work.
He stressed that the government is committed to a better life for senior citizens.
As an experienced parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
The entire ambience is enveloped by the sacred fragrance.
It worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for everyone to maintain peace.
A legacy that connects our society across generations and centuries.
More than 100 public utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
He has given priority to the importance of every drop of water.
This enthusiasm will bring about a positive change and a sense of responsibility, he added.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram through video conferencing.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
With no middlemen in between, things get a lot cheaper.
It is, therefore, an honour for me to welcome a close friend and ardent supporter of India.
He expressed happiness at the presence of a large number of Japanese companies in India.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
He termed GST as "Good and Simple Tax" which will ultimately benefit the people.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
Solar photovoltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
For a strong partnership base, we support thriving bilateral trade and investment flows.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner for national modernization and further enrichment of their people.
The entire country is saluting the indomitable courage of Meena ji, the wife of Shaheed Prasanna Sahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
The presentation made by the CEO of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
Training for employment and self-employment is being imparted with an aim to meet the aspirations of the youth for a better life.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted all citizens on National Voters' Day.
Even today, a Japanese township has been announced.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
A training institute is also being built along with the high-speed rail project.
My Government's Act East Policy places the region at the heart of cooperation.
Mr. Joe Yuelle-Draw briefed Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
GST will accelerate efficiency in furthering long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at state borders.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are driven by a broad understanding of issues of mutual interest.
It brings goodwill to the society by making the families sensitive towards the society.
Thereafter, he witnessed an audio-visual presentation of the experiences picked up by the selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of India and Rajasthan.
Together, we will build an India where there will be no compromise on corruption and nepotism.
After hockey, there was good news for India in badminton as well.
5 companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
This new tradition of public participation for our country... It is our effort to take the country forward through public participation.
He said it would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Taking the lead in this campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to the brave jawans of our armed forces.
In November last year, India hosted the first ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okha and Bait Dwarka.
Realizing the idea, he had mastery over it.
I once again bow to Sri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
Under this programme, about 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
Talking about self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play an important role in economic and social progress for the poor of the society, especially women from rural sections.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
He said the award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The birth anniversary of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Now that the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into a RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his card anywhere.
He said that a teacher is associated with a lifelong stream of knowledge.
We will be hosting a Global Mobility Summit this year.
This will deliver clean fuels (PNG) to homes, industries, and commercial units.
The Ayushman Bharat scheme will provide vast investment opportunities in health infrastructure, medical device manufacturing, and healthcare.
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
In the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in terms of complaints and redressal related to post offices and railways.
Trade unions thus recognised will be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to a very dear event.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters at this sad hour.
I went to the Krishi Unnati Mela held in Delhi recently.
"I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Many congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkar ji.
He called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council Resolution 1267.
On the arrival of the first inter-country container ship at Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected to the Bay of Bengal by waterways.
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister directed the insurance companies to conduct special camps to assess the losses and pay compensation to the affected families and beneficiaries under social security schemes within a stipulated time.
This is the session when the country has got an opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
It has been one of the countries with the highest growth rates in the Eurozone in 2016.
He said that the government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a joint venture between the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
This time it was unforgettable for me to celebrate Diwali with the security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir.
He referred to the various steps taken by the Central Government against black money, including the demonetisation of currency, in the last three years, and the crackdown on elements indulging in corruption.
Two days later, along with Pujya Bapu, we will also celebrate Shastriji's birth anniversary.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
This time again, yoga also worked as a world record.
Their goal is to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the cost of the guarantee is borne by the central government.
I heartily congratulate the school people of Chandrapur, these young friends of mine.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit Dhyan Chand ji on the head with a hockey ball.
We have exceptional political and people-to-people ties with every country in the ASEAN region.
He called for a university for the overall development of these 100 villages.
In fact, the 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the people of Japan.
Now the effort is to get the banks back to normal as soon as possible in the new year.
Best wishes.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister presented the event as an example of Indian traditions.
It plans to source about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, particularly solar power.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distance between the two cities, but will also bring people living hundreds of kilometers away closer to each other.
Addressing a huge crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke of the high ambition and willpower of a "New India."
It is on the foundation of good knowledge that a comprehensive framework of a better society should be built.
This is one area where India needs to improve in order to remain competitive.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to conquer Everest from Nepal.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered an extremely low-risk political economy.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the mission.
We have set a target of ensuring capacity addition of 175 GW of renewable energy by 2022.
For this, I thank Kidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
The objective of this approval is to ensure that doctors of Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in areas of specialization on attaining the age of 62 years.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
The result of 100% neem coating of urea has also been in the form of reducing expenditure on fertilizer, besides increasing productivity.
This can only happen if long-term investments are made in the business to create job opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
We stand in full solidarity with Portugal in this hour of grief.
Somnath has 20,000 followers on social media.
Under this scheme, interest subsidy will be provided to the borrower on the loan amount up to two lakh rupees.
We are bringing our importance to the world today through the 'Tejas' aircraft.
In search of peace from the stresses of modern life, people often start consuming drugs such as tobacco, alcohol, and even drugs.
You have never had an opportunity like this in your life.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should motivate the youth in their schools and villages to take up sports.
The theme of IEF-16 is' The Future of Global Energy Security '.
His far-reaching policies with regard to various fields touched the lives of every citizen of India.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries, the sky has no bounds.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
I hope the industry will be in constant touch with him.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance to unorganized sector workers working in the vicinity to register.
The Prime Minister answered various questions posed by the members of the delegation in detail.
Atal ji was a true patriot.
Of these, the first front is related to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc., while the second front is ensuring that the benefits of development must reach the general public.
Strategic partnership
The staff of the UN, diplomats of the world, everyone participated in it.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the implementation of the AMRUT scheme.
Kochi ranks first in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists visiting Kerala.
He said that the new format of the conference has significantly improved the quality of discussions.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will provide all possible assistance to the states affected by the cyclone.
This has been widely accepted.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play an important role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development, transport, power, sports and tourism.
Similarly, when you are strong as a country, you can be peaceful with everyone.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today spoke about the benefits of the PM-SYM scheme.
Action against corruption
He was appointed a permanent judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28 February 2001.
At the press of a button, the Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of roads to be built under the Central Road Fund (CRF).
The India-Japan business delegation will arrive in India on the same day.
Our understanding and awareness of other traditions and cultures of the country increases when a work like Encyclopedia of Hinduism is made available in different languages.
Nordic solutions in non-polluting technologies, sea-based solutions, port modernization, food processing, health, life sciences, and agriculture were discussed.
The passing away of Mr. Hawking is sad.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
Your children have benefited from this.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
We are confident that our people will be the decisive partners in our endeavour to create responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
It has received wings from our democratic traditions, which strengthen the spirit of entrepreneurship with an emphasis on both wealth and value creation and seek modernisation for the prosperity of its economy.
What goals can the gems and jewellery industry set for itself by this date?
This is the hallmark of the credibility of your dynamic course and exam.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
This payment was ensured to the farmers through sugar mills.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he himself is experiencing how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
Unveiling the expansion of the health care system in Bihar, he said, "It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development.
Vidya is considered an occasion for worship.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister took to social media to explain the complexities of various yoga asanas.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of early reform of the UN Security Council.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The proposed bill will ensure greater transparency in the government's nomination of workers' representatives to tripartite faculties.
64. Both sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the SCO held in Qingdao in June 2018 reflects India's successful participation in the functioning of the organization as a full-time member.
I also want to make a special mention of the hard work of the jawans of the NDRF.
Our slogan is more crops, reflections.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
In the Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation, we have outlined our programme of cooperation in this area.
Even microplastics are now making their way into our basic food like salt, bottled water, and tap water.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
Urban development includes Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, AMRUT and Smart City schemes.
Unusual because Swati and Nidhi were serving Maa-Bharati when her husband was martyred.
He said that this decision will pave the way for a huge amount of money in the development of mineral-rich districts.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Conference.
The results are already visible.
These are the kinds of opportunities that are waiting to be tapped.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong advocate of a multilateral trading system.
A highly educated population will help India excel on the global stage.
Support in the development of human resources and health services and the establishment of health facilities.
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in Customs Matters shall be signed on behalf of the Government of India and that the necessary national legal requirements for the entry into force of this Agreement have been met.
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
The Government of India has also supported the activities of this foundation.
His powerful knock in the semi-finals will always be remembered.
He exhorted the states to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission to encourage outcome-based allocations and expenditure reform.
He unveiled a roadmap for the overall development of the tribes during the next five years.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that the history of the country is incomplete without these great men.
Now the corporatisation of the company has become a matter of a day.
India can be a better partner in this regard.
Strong person-to-person contacts and the presence of a large Indian diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for these relationships.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, as he is confident that their money is being put to good use for the welfare of the people.
He complimented Prime Minister Abe for launching the project in such a short span of time.
During the last three years, everyone has made efforts in their own way towards water conservation and water management.
The salient features of this tunnel are as follows:
Tababi Devi, a 16-year-old young player, hails from a village in Manipur.
Let us now join hands much closer and stronger.
We now count among the most open countries in terms of foreign direct investment (FDI).
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid tributes to Bhagwan Birsa Munda on his birth anniversary.
Science and Technology
A memorandum was sent on behalf of the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend the meeting in person.
He said the central government attaches the highest importance to the development of eastern India.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
He said inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world's largest mass movement.
In order to fulfill this motto of Sabka Saath-Sabka Vikas, the government is bringing some new schemes for 125 crore citizens of the country on New Year's Eve.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
Benami properties worth over Rs 800 crore have been seized by the government.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games-2018 will inspire the youth towards sports and raise awareness about the importance of a healthy life for every individual.
We are the fourth-largest producer of wind power and the fifth-largest producer of solar power.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
This app is also beneficial for traders.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List up to November, 2018.
Record growth in the last two and a half years
The world has seen price fluctuations for a long time.
The poison of casteism, the poison of sectarianism, can never do good to the country.
The Prime Minister said steps such as the Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush have played an important role in reducing mortality.
The Prime Minister said that the Ayushman Bharat scheme is a completely new interconnected system that will help create a healthy India.
The Prime Minister said that there is immense potential in the tourism sector and the world is keen to visit India.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision for development that all these states are making rapid progress.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Due to demand and technology, there is also a huge change in the nature of jobs in our country.
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between the city of Kyoto, Japan, and Varanasi.
Under the "Eat Right India" campaign, Swasth Bharat Yatras are being taken out across the country.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from the country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to the same goal of Mahatma Gandhi.
"Sardar Patel devoted his life to uniting India.
The Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari.
In fact, the incident was not only underestimated but was also an attempt to hurt our self-esteem.
A comprehensive rapid transit system is therefore necessary to cope with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
Abdullah expressed appreciation for India's continued support to Afghanistan in its infrastructure development and capacity building.
On the Citizenship Act Bill, the Prime Minister urged people not to pay heed to rumours.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The objective of the MoU is to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
Soon, there was a big campaign 'Selfie with daughter' not only in India, but all over the world.
We are both democratic countries full of diversity.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
My first two engagements will be at the Sabarmati Ashram.
They will also witness demonstration of several activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation, etc.
People are writing letters from far and wide.
With this mutual and global goal in mind, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his key priorities.
Excellencies, We appreciate your vision and leadership in taking our country out of the crisis and on the path to economic prosperity.
The second edition of the Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
There will be countless events.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long interaction between the senior-most and the junior-most officers.
The Prime Minister has also greeted the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the supply of the world.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is the least vulnerable to the banking crisis among major economies.
If a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, in the country's economy, was it possible?
Speaking on the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and will yield results soon.
The progress of important projects in road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Kozhikode-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project were reviewed.
There are several important features of this metro project.
Best wishes to all of you countrymen on all these festivals.
He has carried forward this movement with great purity.
Package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic fumes.
The name of the selected bank will be released as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro fare card and app.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive health care.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
Investors are expecting growth and macroeconomic stability.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian soldiers in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
The Prime Minister said the government is providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to encourage self-help groups across the country.
The Prime Minister said that over three lakh companies have come under the scanner due to the investigation of data mining that took place after demonetisation.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household in the country.
He made it clear that the government will ensure availability of more seats in educational institutions so that students from other categories are not affected.
If possible, we elders of the family also go out in the open and play with these children.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessings.
The MoU will help the Academy to disseminate its experiences to NIPAM for running training institutes for higher civil services in the country.
The remarkable work done by Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
My dear countrymen, next month, I will be among you again for the next 'Mann Ki Baat'.
18. It will be aligned with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
We are sanctioning loans up to one crore rupees in 59 minutes. '
This will promote and propagate the traditional medicines of India in Colombia.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was a great personality who was loved and respected by all sections of the society.
In his message, he said, I pay homage to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
I believe that the scope of reading and knowledge should not be limited to work-related aspects only.
That movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought all odds with confidence and fortitude.
The AMRUT Mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where piped cooking gas is being provided.
The establishment of the Chair on Paika Rebellion at Utkala University Bhubaneswar was announced.
He stressed that poor people should also benefit from quality and affordable healthcare.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN are interconnected.
The duplication of such process by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the central and state level will be prevented.
These achievements have been made ahead of some major recent reforms.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
Our present encourages us to work together.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
He said all the stakeholders associated with the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in the sector.
You must have seen how steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
But we are in independent India.
It has the power to change the weather of the entire country.
The Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida on the occasion.
On 30th January, all of us pay homage to the martyrs who laid down their lives for the country by observing 2 minutes silence at 11 am.
