His indomitable courage is a source of motivation.
Write not only about architecture or natural beauty but write something about their daily life too.
This is a good beginning.
Kerala was also the first state to attain 100 percent primary education.
May the blessings of the mighty Himalayas be with you.
The Suraksha Bima Yojana provides risk insurance to millions who need it the most.
The Prime Minister said that the government is committed to ensure timely completion of all the projects.
My mind is filled with memories of working with M Venkaiah Naidu Garu, in the Party & Government.
Recalling Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji’s call, many youth from the Andamans had dedicated themselves to the freedom of India.
We have speeded up policy formulation in this sector.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for rolling stock and signalling systems of metro rail.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification, through infusion of latest technology inputs.
After the review, the Prime Minister announced a financial assistance of Rs 500 crore to the State.
He said the Government’s focus is on increasing productivity through high speed connectivity.
Interacting with the group, the Prime Minister appreciated the group members for undertaking this initiative.
About 12 crore farmers are expected to benefit from PM-KISAN.
10 days ago, Mother India had to bear the loss of many of her valiant sons.
But if we don’t have any trust in our own strength and capabilities then no one will accept it.
He said that even in agriculture, there is need to develop a new “culture” through infusion of technology, to benefit farmers.
This year in July, we have implemented the highly complex task of migrating to a uniform Goods and Services Tax for the whole country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended an event to mark the Centenary Celebrations of Karnatak Lingayat Education Society, at Belagavi.
Now some people may ask why I have picked up those two years only.
This is a new avenue opened by the government for you people.
If the youth of a country possess these qualities, that country will progress not only in areas such as Economy and Science & Technology but also bring laurels home in the field of sports.
But, we are now awaiting the rains.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex post-facto approval to the MoU between India and Singapore on cooperation in the field of urban planning and development.
The Prime Minister said that every rupee, and every resource from the Government of India is devoted for the welfare of Indians.
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
Interacting with beneficiaries and store owners from over 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that in order to ensure the availability of high quality medicines at lower prices, Government had taken two major steps.
Increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
India is setting new records not just in the field of sports but also in hitherto uncharted areas.
We have given full freedom to the security forces.
The MoU will be a step forward in engaging with the institutions of Saudi Arabia to attract a potential investment into the infrastructure sector in the country.
This visit takes place as both countries mark a decade of our strategic partnership.
She rode for 159 days, covering around 300 kilometres every day.
You can also act as a major catalyst in promoting the tourism of our country by utilizing the time from this October to March.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to remember, and keep in touch with the various Gurus, mentors and teachers, who have guided them right from childhood.
He called upon the people of Pakistan to tell their rulers to fight corruption and fake notes.
He said that just as Sardar Patel had ensured political integration of the country, GST would ensure economic integration.
May Yoga be of benefit to one and all.
In case of a fast track procedure, such award can be given in 6 months.
This includes photography and geo-tagging.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
They agreed to continue efforts to develop cleaner energy systems, renewable energy and fuels, increased energy efficiency and technologies for cleaner energy production.
Portals and Social Media associated with Consumer Protection have also been integrated.
Prime Minister assured her of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging her new responsibilities.
He underlined the fact that the project got final sanction in January 2015 and now it has seen the light of the day.
Inclusion of Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Miji) in serial No. 9 in lieu of ‘Momba’.
He recalled India’s commitment to generate 175 GigaWatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
I compliment the Union Ministry of Urban Development led by Venkaiah ji for having formulated a Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
Speaking on this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the gathering on the celebration of Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ayurveda Divas.
We are keen to scale up investments in next generation infrastructureincluding roads, ports, railways, airports, telecom, digital networks and energy.
As we implement the Sendai Framework, we would welcome new opportunities for regional and international collaboration.
Last month onwards, they have started broadcasting versions in regional languages, immediately after the broadcast of my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
The Prime Minister said that this gathering today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
I shall also request listeners of Mann Ki Baat who are engaged in the field of Sanskrit, to ponder over ways & means to take Komalji’s suggestion forward.
He added that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the streams of Jan Bhagidari (public participation) and Jan Andolan (mass movement).
The Prime Minister also congratulated all those who were associated with this remarkable feat.
I am delighted to visit this great country once again.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today informally met all Secretaries – the topmost officers of Ministries of the Government of India.
He distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator, both in the Delhi government and Centre.
I see great untapped potential in this for investors.
This provides a mechanism to capture the increased land value.
I am confident that the business partnerships that they forge will enhance the level and momentum of our commercial engagement.
The first 100 percent literate city and first 100 percent literate district have been from Kerala.
Almost all the countries in the world made Yoga Day their own.
He also recalled the role of members of Indian community in the Kenya’s freedom movement.
I compliment all those individuals and organisations working towards building more toilets in various parts of India.
“A grateful nation salutes our valorous air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
But more than a billion people across the globe still do not have access to electricity.
Compared to last year, the total sales of Khadi & Handicrafts have risen almost by 90%.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
On behalf of the people and the farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada, the Prime Minister thanked the people and the Government of Madhya Pradesh, for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Therefore the use of new technology in house construction would have added advantage, if tried in India.
ShrimanGurbachan Singh ji’s family has presented one such example before us.
Sister Nivedita and Scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful testimony to this.
Today, we live in an inter-connected world.
The Prime Minister released Narmada Pravah – the Mission Work Plan for the river Narmada.
As a society, as a nation, the 2 minute tribute of silence on 30th January at 11 am, should become our instinctive nature.
In this context he talked about the Union Government’s initiatives to bring down the prices of medicines, stents etc.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate air services between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
India scripted a thumping win in the under- 19 Cricket World Cup and the Blind Cricket World Cup.
We shall gradually advance in that direction.
Will also address a public meeting.
When all parties work together in the larger nation interest, positive outcomes and results emerge.
Protocol for Consultations between the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and MEA for the period 2019-2023
The Prime Minister quoted the writer Ramvriksha Benipuri, and the poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to describe the mood that prevailed at that time.
Our festivals, impart to us many social values.
The brave peacekeepers from this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Budha have sent a message of peace and amity around the world.
All these great men travelled widely in India.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for the warm welcome and respect accorded to him throughout his visit.
You are the Leader of a great nation.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart Cities Mission.
The Centre would be supportive of steps taken by the State Government.
He encouraged them to share and write about their unique experiences during the journey.
From cause-lists to case-laws, the lawyer’s library is now just a click away on your mobile phone.
The Prime Minister pressed a lever to commence a Virtual Abhishek of the statue.
Such measures have propelled our economy into a high growth path.
He said that more number of generic medicines are now available for the people which will not only reduce the cost of health care but also save many precious lives.
The founding conference of the Alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
It is true that from time to time, political parties have made constructive efforts to improve the system.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekanand that she renounced her happy- prosperous life and dedicated herself to the service of the poor.
In this context, he mentioned initiatives taken by the Government such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat Mission, insurance schemes, Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, and the recently launched Saubhagya Yojana.
Railways can now contribute in a much better way in meeting the transport needs of the country.
We have individually strived very hard to fight terrorism and violent extremism.
He also spoke of the work being done towards cleanliness and enhancing the visual appeal of the city.
Our domestic market has been fragmented.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of cohesiveness in the European Union, and its significance as a force of stability in the world.
Now, we are a globally integrated economy.
The Prime Minister said Seva Bhav is a part of our culture.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today laid the foundation stone of various projects of the Government of India and Government of Jharkhand, at an event in Sindri.
In India, if we compare the impact of cyclone events in 1999 and 2013, we can see the progress we have made.
Through radio I connect every month with millions of families.
I am told that about 1.20 crore rupees have been given to the foundation in the last two years.
Biofuels can help reduce import dependency on crude oil.
We can see in “Swachhata Hi Sewa” movement as to how the electronic media and the print media in our country can render a big service to the country.
The occasion also marks the Golden Jubilee of the Press Council of India.
The Prime Minister also emphasized the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the State Government, disaster response agencies and PMO.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have been conferred the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Working together, we are determined to take our relationship forward as a ‘future oriented partnership for People, Prosperity and Peace’.
Yoga can prove to be a strong pillar to lead a life of discipline and development.
Starting a new business in India is now easier than ever before.
The Prime Minister said that the effort is to undertake development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
Inspired by his vision, the ‘National Human Rights Commission’ (NHRC) was formed on 12th October 1993.
These measures too have increased the efficiency of energy use.
The nation is always ready to move in the right direction.
Prime Minister will turn a page of the Bhagwad Gita to mark its official opening.
He said that these noble causes require close coordination and constant monitoring.
The coming together of so many nations to mark the International Day of Yoga illustrates the real essence of Yoga – togetherness.
India has produced many great hockey players.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
I would also visit some places of worship that have civilizational linkages with India.
PM will release a synopsis of the Green Rameswaram Project.
All our sportspersons gave their best and played very well.
The Prime Minister reviewed the flood situation during a meeting with Shri PinarayiVijayan, the Chief Minister of Kerala, and officials of the State Government.
Your doing so will go a long way in building a New India.
Russia reaffirms its strong support to India’s candidature for a permanent seat in a reformed United Nations Security Council.
It is said that Bhagini Nivedita was the inspiration.
Shri Narendra Modi said that connectivity is necessary for development today.
I express my gratitude to the administration, government and especially the people of these five states, for achieving this objective.
Life moves ahead depending upon the condition that whatever the sense of mission you have achieved and whatever is the sense of ambition that you nurture, whether there is any ongoing co-ordination between your sense of mission and your sense of ambition!
• Its footprint that extends all over South Asia.
From the time of the Upanishads persons with knowledge have been respected through the ages.
He added that the cooperative movement is in sync with the nature of Indian society.
I particularly welcome and thank the 15 Partner Countriesof this edition of Vibrant Gujarat.
It is the third largest in terms of purchasing power parity.
It is estimated that there are more than crore engineers and management graduates in our country.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who featured in the presentation today, was evident to everyone present at the gathering.
His work will continue to draw people towards the joys of Sufi music.
They want political stability and a supportive regulatory framework to ensure protection of their investment.
101 of these satellites were owned by countries such as USA, Israel, Switzerland, Netherlands, Kazakhstan and UAE.
He mentioned the various other projects, including roads, and projects related to Namaami Gange, which were inaugurated, or for which the foundation stone was laid today.
Regardless of the fact that India could not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of everyone.
“Today, Jan Dhan Yojana completes 3 years.
I am delighted that younger generation is taking interest in knowing about our history, about our freedom fighters and about those who made sacrifices for the country.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
This does not do justice to our rich experience and abundant design talent.
No new funds have been approved.
The Jan Dhan Yojana has brought millions of people into the banking system.
My thoughts are with the families of the deceased.
We have increased interaction at all levels.
It is, therefore, surprising for me to know that there had never been a bilateral visit by an Indian Prime Minister to Portugal.
All help is being provided to the State Government to deal with the adverse situation.
The Russian Side expressed its interest in participating in the international competitive biddings as and when the Ministry of Railways of India decides to execute the railway speed raising projects.
125 crore Indians will join the rest of the world, in welcoming it with new hope, new energy and new dreams.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of my govt. the scope of Consumer Protection is very broad.
Indian soldiers showed it to the world that they are second to none if it comes to war.
The per capita plastic consumption in India is much lower than in many parts of the developed world.
It aims to create compact walkable communities and bring public transport closer to transit.
All of these offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
Benefits of India’s success are available to our partners!
This is the fourth interaction by the Prime Minister through video bridge series with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
During a review of the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government’s commitment to provide Housing for All by 2022.
Actually from Kashmir to Kanyakumari and from Kutch to Kamrup and from Amreli to Arunachal Pradesh, these 3-4 months have examinations galore.
India and Russia regard the establishment of the multi-polar global order in international relations as a reflection of natural and inevitable process of evolution of interstate relations in the 21st century.
He said that in the last three years, the Union Government in India has focused on improvement in quality of life of the people.
Government debt as percentage of GDP is consistently declining.
The sagacity of conserving rivers and water is inherently reflected in many of our festivals.
We are here today to act upon the belief that we as humans can make a difference to this planet.
Growth in the aviation sector is expected to raise demand for aviation fuel four times by 2040.
Interacting with them, the Prime Minister spoke of the efforts being made by the Union Government to improve connectivity and infrastructure in the State.
Last year was the birth centenary year of Nelson Mandela.
Indian can proudly claim that in the armed forces,our Army not only man-power but woman-power too is contributing equally.
Congrats to all sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track in ”Usha School of Athletics”.
I am happy to be part of the inauguration ceremony of Kochi Metro.
This is the fifth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
Prime Minister has welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families, ahead of the summits.
I now turn specifically, to food processing.
Railways, roads, power have been our priority areas.
Banks have also been asked to increase working capital loans from 20 per cent of turnover to 30 per cent, for enterprises that transact digitally.
The two leaders agreed to push forward bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner by taking advantage of complementarities between their two economies.
· The Centre will dispatch immediate financial assistance worth Rs. 325 crore to cater to the requirements of Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
He said that the biggest challenge for the medal winners will start now and they should never lose their goal of being in the Olympic Games podium.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
It is playing a very important role for gramodaya.
I believe that the discussions at this forumwill go a long way in benefitting the world citizens in accessingclean, affordable and sustainable energy.
Within hours, the video has generated tremendous interest on platforms such as Twitter and Facebook.
He mentioned the roll-out of GST, auctioning of natural resources, insurance and banking sector reforms, and skill development, among others.
The Prime Minister emphasized on the shared values between India and Japan.
The Sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by Advance Pharma Company in Russia.
He will also dedicate to Nation the West- North Inter-Region Power Transmission Strengthening Project to ensure uninterrupted power supply to Western Uttar Pradesh.
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains of Himalaya or be it desert area singed by sunlight, Yoga is flourishing the life in every situation.
The Prime Minister said that Pakyong Airport would greatly ease connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister explained the significance of both the Intellectual Quotient, and the Emotional Quotient, in the life of a student.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
This too was an act of valour on part of our soldiers on the path to peace.
He also raised a voice against social evils, he added.
Our bilateral trade is more than $10 billion.
On reading further, I came to know how our youngsters put in efforts to transform the lives of the common man by making smart and creative use of technology.
They reaffirmed that being multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious societies, India and Russia bring civilizational wisdom to address modern day challenges.
Chartered accountants can start a new career in this field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
The Prime Minister has been in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
He also stated that within the next two weeks, the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugarcane for the sugar season of 2018-19, will also be announced.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has approved Measures to promote Hydro Power Sector.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
She helped publication of Basu’s research and publicity through her articles and conferences.
17. They welcomed the signing of the MoU between National Small Industries Corporation of India and the Russian Small and Medium Business Corporation.
3. Short term training of human resources in health;
You may be aware that when we had successfully created a place for the Mars Mission in orbit, this entire mission was planned for a duration of 6 months.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
Even today, players of Team India are encouraging the younger generation through their hard work and focused attention.
The Prime Minister encouraged the young officers to imbibe the best from the experiences that they would have had, during their attachment to various Ministries as part of this programme.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebration of Nanaji Deshmukh at IARI at Pusa in New Delhi tomorrow (11th October, 2017).
He mentioned that these initiatives are changing the lives of ordinary people.
The interaction covered over one crore women representing various Self Help Groups.
You have soaked our culture and made it your own.
As fellow democracies, India and the ROK have shared values and a shared vision for regional and global peace.
I would like to see such a reading and library movement in the entire country.
Friends, till recently Indian importers had to go abroad to view and purchase rough diamonds.
He will release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry enjoys immense popularity across the world.
He will distribute certificates to beneficiaries of various schemes.
My Dear Countrymen, Namaskar
We celebrate Air Force Day on the 8th of October.
He said today India is not just the fastest growing economy in the world, but also the country that is eradicating poverty the fastest.
26. The Russian Side invited the Indian Side to invest in the Russian Far East.
These experiences will enrich your lives.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
With an event of such scale & magnitude, which saw the participation of thousands of sportspersons from myriad corners of the world, can you imagine the mood that must have pervaded the atmosphere there?
This is an example where the daughters are stitching ordinary to good quality clothes for themselves and other families.
Hence it is fitting that Kochi should have a Metro rail facility.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
He was committed towards eradicating injustice and inequality from society.
Water that belongs to India cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan, he added.
Prime Minister assured the athletes that Government would provide them adequate support and facilities.
And therefore this burden of hankering for marks hinders us sometimes from going in the right direction.
The Prime Minister said that emphasis is being given to enhance both infrastructural and emotional connectivity in the entire North Eastern region, at a rapid rate.
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to become a five trillion dollar economy soon.
The Prime Minister said both leaders also discussed ways to counter terrorism and radicalization.
He said a new economic system is being developed along the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, and the entire area would become a single economic zone.
While speaking on Shri Pranab Mukherjee he said, “Pranab Da is an outstanding statesman of our times.
57 Teams of NDRF involving about 1300 personnel and 435 Boats are deployed for search and rescue operations.
In other words, such a system is being set up where in farms in any part of the country will have a market-connect.
“We salute the valour of those who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament on this day in 2001.
At the outset, I wish to express our sincere condolences on the loss of life due to the recent earthquake in Aceh .
However, legal reforms can deliver desired results only when there is an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
I congratulate Ecological Protection Organization, their entire team and the people of Chandrapur.
The two leaders agreed that as two major countries and emerging economies, India and China, given their vast developmental experiences and national capacities, should join hands to take lead in offering innovative and sustainable solutions to challenges faced by humankind in the 21st century.
Since the council was created fifty years ago, India has made rapid strides in this industry.
After Independence, for the first time ever, the tricolor was hoisted at Red Fort on the 75th anniversary of the formation of the Azad Hind Government.
They have laid down their lives for the country.
He described the Prime Minister as a great leader and a “world leader.”
He said that he has been told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi Saint Baba Farid had come to Jerusalem, and meditated in a cave.
We have a strong, investment friendly policy framework in place to boost domestic hydrocarbon production.
Most of the sectors of our economy are now only open for FDI.
If a family itself continues to demoralise a child in the family and if that family expects that the kid will be respected in the locality then it is not possible.
India is today the world’s fastest growing large economy.
And it is the duty of all countrymen to keep our historical heritage safe and clean.
I congratulate all those athletes who are bringing back medals.
Now they shall be empowered with smartphones and digital devices to provide financial services.
My dear countrymen, Namaskar!
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier rolled out the Jan Dhan Yojana to establish financial inclusion.
Your work is like that of an interface between the government and the tax-paying companies and individuals.
She was a woman who could live a luxurious life but she dedicatedly worked for the poor.
Shri Narendra Modi said he was fortunate to have had the occasion for social work among the tribals in his youth.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore enterprise and innovation exhibition.
In Ahmedabad in Gujarat, around 55 thousand people performed Yoga together and created a new world record.
In the last two years – 2014-2016, we facilitated the repatriation of over ninety thousand Indian nationals from nearly 54 countries.
Congrats to ISRO for the successful launch of GSAT-11, which is the heaviest, largest and most-advanced high throughput communication satellite of India.
Six labour laws and three environmental laws have been changed so that young entrepreneurs need to provide only self-certification.
He said it is our collective responsibility to save Mother Earth.
Strength of the India-USA strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
India’s biggest tax reform, the GST has been introduced recently.
26 islands have been listed for holistic development.
“Greetings on World Environment Day.
India’s economic interests shall be better served by a higher number of arbitration experts and lawyers.
The Prime Minister said GST would lead to a modern tax administration which is simpler, more transparent, and helps curb corruption.
As reported by the Swiss Bank Authorities, the black money deposits of Indian Nationals have a hit a record all time low.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have marked a golden period in relations between the two countries.
Addressing the gathering, Prime Minister said that work is progressing at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a house by 2022.
Rural road connectivity is now 90 %.
Dr. Abdul Kalam continued to work throughout his life to realize the dream of a developed India.
On our part, we would, of course, want greater influx of Japanese investments.
The Prime Minister said that schemes such as Mudra Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India, are helping in greater financial inclusion.
He also said that our Armed Forces conduct an average of ten big joint exercises with Armed Forces of friendly countries, every year.
It seems to become a question of life and death.
It is a time for praying to Ma Durga.
Her achievement is all the more special because she has made the imposing challenges in her life the key to her success.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subramanya Bharati is well known for his revolutionary poem Pudhumai Penn or New woman and is renowned for his efforts for Women empowerment.
It is for the first time since independence that such a scheme is envisaged for the crores of workers engaged in the informal sector, PM added.
Over the last three years, my Government has placed special focus on overall infrastructure development of the nation.
Speaking of the achievements in sanitation, the Prime Minister mentioned that sanitation coverage has expanded from about 40 percent in 2014, to about 80 percent today.
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of taking pride in our history, and in our rich archaeological heritage.
In this way, the national assets would be utilized in the best national interest.
The Prime Minister said that out of the 500 biggest companies in the world, one-fourth belong to the public sector in some country.
As close neighbours, our relationship spreads across many layers.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today addressed the Centenary Celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister spoke of Mahatma Gandhi’s commitment to Swachhta.
The new Insolvency & Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to have an exit.
They underscored the importance of pluralism, democracy, and rule of law as key values to achieve peaceful co-existence.
The function will be held in the afternoon at Ring Road Tiraha, Hardua, Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.
During the interaction, Prime minister urged the sports persons to use technology as an aid to improve their performance.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and libraries of the country are also situated in Kerala.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
He said the National Highway network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
Our trade and investment relations are becoming more and more intense.
Tomorrow, I will travel to Haifa to pay homage to our brave Indian soldiers.
This change brought about two important changes in India’s politics.
“Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as US President.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
It is no surprise that today Japan is India’s fourth largest source of FDI.
A series of administrative reforms have significantly improved the business sentiment in the country.
Over the years, I have visited Japan several times.
Today, India is on the path of several major transformations.
Security and defence cooperation have added growing new dimensions to our relationship.
He said Amul is not only about milk processing, but an excellent model of empowerment.
Because of life style, because of the mad race to achieve success and because of increasing responsibilities, leading a stress- free life has become very difficult.
He said the Government aims to double income of farmers by 2022.
In this context, he mentioned the various development oriented initiatives of the Government like Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bharat Abhiyan and Pradhan Mantri Awaaz Yojana.
Otherwise, the rate at which the Inflation was rising during previous government’s tenure it would have resulted in huge rise in the budget of the common citizen’s kitchen.
He added that the innovative spirit of our ancestors must be kept alive.
He described tourism as an ancient concept in India, and a spiritual tradition.
This Monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session for social justice and youth welfare.
Any further request for incurring the person days would be considered as per the requirement projected by the State.
The remaining part of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment & Public Assets Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
PM said “this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of the people of our country for the cause of freedom”.
They were able to include almost all aspects of Hinduism in only 11 volumes.
And I am fully aware of the fact that eliminating fake companies and taking action against black money can be politically incorrect and pose a risk to any political party.
I will also address the Indian community.
He is likely to unveil a plaque to mark the launch of some visitor facilities.
These are some questions that I wish to leave you with.
He called upon all present, to work towards 100 percent sanitation coverage by October 2, 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Women are already empowered and now getting armed too.
Through the course of the day, the Prime Minister held separate, detailed review meetings on the situation in the States of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur and Nagaland.
We are enacting a Goods and Services Tax law, to create an integrated national market.
The Indian Diaspora in Portugal has played an important role in deepening our bilateral ties.
In August 2016 strict rules were put in place to curtail benami transactions.
The Prime Minister spoke of cooperation between India and Israel for innovation in areas such as food, water, health and energy.
But, when we mention Ganesh Utsav, it is natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak ji.
Ujjwala Yojna for Clean Energy, Swacch Bharat Abhiyaan for health and hygiene, Jan-Dhan Yojna for Financial Inclusion reflect this spirit.
Despite rising oil prices, inflation is within the mandated range.
“My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
He recalled the felicitation of Indian soldiers by Bangladesh in New Delhi last year.
Luckily I got another chance to celebrate Deepawali with our courageous and brave heart security personnel.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the inauguration of a public housing project of 624 houses.
This addresses an issue pending for nearly 24 years.
These are also our values.
This has generated employment for the poor.
The work will be completed within a period of 36 months.
It is a good chance for the sport lovers to witness closely contested matches.
It should try to achieve the real goal of bringing social and economic change.
“I bow to Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayanti.
The Prime Minister welcomed the celebration of 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
Just recently I had two memorable meetings.
India has always been resolutely committed to peace.
I assure you of all possible support from the Government.
One of the focal points of ‘ParikshaPeCharcha’ was that there were lively interactions on various topics related with the entire process of examinations.
The two leaders also shared views on their respective foreign policy visions of achieving global prosperity and security.
“On the special occasion of their Statehood Day, greetings to the people of Meghalaya.
But it is not just on the battle-fields, but also on the factory floors of defence manufacturing enterprises, that strategic decisions are made.
Bhagini Nivedita ji also helped the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
As fellow market economies, our needs and strengths are complementary.
He complimented the Ministry of AYUSH for the establishment of the All India Institute of Ayurveda.
Cultural and People-to-People Links
The Prime Minister said that the Conference has now become more relevant, in the context of challenges and responsibilities facing the country.
We need to change this mindset.
Diversity calls for celebration; and not confrontation.
He noted that India is making rapid strides towards a gas based economy.
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:-
For this purpose, we have launched the ‘Make in India’ campaign.
We agreed that there is an urgent need for all countries to decisively act against those states who generate, support, shelter and sustain these factories of violence in our regions.
Regional multi-lateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a central role in helping to raise resources.
Today our warehouses are filled with food grains.
He said the Union Government has approved 100 percent FDI in healthcare systems.
And I’m hopeful that Tamil Nadu will not lag behind in this race and it will strive to achieve this goal..
The Prime Minister said, ” Congratulations to M Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected India’s Vice President.
Now, about three thousand small and medium merchants have this privilege through the new Special Notified Zone.
Hon’ble Chairman, heartiest congratulations and good wishes on behalf of the House and on behalf of the countrymen!
My dear countrymen, we’ll celebrate Guru Nanak Jayanti on the 4th of November.
The project is also an example of environment friendly development.
They appreciated the Prime Minister’s stand on the issue of Triple Talaq.
In order to ensure that their fellow countrymen could sleep peacefully, these brave sons toiled relentlessly, day or night.
Prime Minister said that special attention is given to skill development of rural youth through Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
The Prime Minister said that an unclean environment, if not cleaned, leads to a situation where one starts accepting circumstances.
Speaking on the occasion of the inauguration of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister described it as a symbol of the cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
He said the aim remains to double farmers’ incomes, and make the farmers’ lives easier.
Fourth, invest in risk mapping globally.
I am confident that Strong India and Strong Japan will also be a stabilising factor in Asia and the world.
If we talk of 2017-18, 55 percent of the total outlay of Rupees 64 thousand crores, which comes to around rupees 35 thousand crores, has been spent on works like water conservation.
He said PSUs have contributed significantly in nation-building, and in the nation’s economy, since independence.
They are living testimony to the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the peoples of India and Nepal.
Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi paid tributes to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on their birth anniversary.
While the global economy is going through a period of uncertainty, India has shown tremendous resilience.
I would particularly urge my young friends to join tomorrow’s interaction.
Our mutual cooperation and coordination on many forums like BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA, is very strong.
All of these point to the new direction of economic reforms that India is pursuing.
The Prime Minister added that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Our brave soldiers have laid down their lives.
UAE is one of our most valued partners and a close friend in an important region of the world.
• The onus lies on the political parties to identify such leaders among them and segregate them from their political journey.
She gave utmost importance to education and social reform.
In the last two fiscal years, we received about 55 billion dollars as foreign direct investment.
This is a reflection of our commitment to provide houses to the poor people, to the middle class.
As we have done so, we continued to remain one of the fastest growing major Economies in the world.
Together we will build such an India which will be clean and healthy, and where the dream of Su-Raj will be fulfilled.
One new medical college will be set up for every three districts.
This decision will enable better access to credit for small shop-owners and small enterprises.
He announced an immediate additional assistance of 500 crore rupees under the SDRF.
Centre assures all support to Bihar government to mitigate the flood situation.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, everywhere, there is Yoga all around.
It was distressing to see the suffering of the affected people.
It was during his tenure that the timing of presenting the budget was changed.
The Government has undertaken a range of transformational initiatives.
Schoolchildren from various Atal Tinkering Labs shared their innovations with the Prime Minister.
The first necessity for a healthy life is cleanliness.
Powered by the energy of our youth, we are positioning India as a global manufacturing hub.
And, then they published some selected letters.
He appreciated the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
Accumulation of any form of waste or filth within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
My participation in the Summit symbolises India’s highest priority to our neighbourhood and our strong commitment to continue deepening our relationship with the extended neighbourhood in South-East Asia.
Praising the Bohra community, PM Modi said that it is his good fortune to have received the affection of Bohra community.
Russia expressed its support for India’s membership of the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Don’t let this opportunity go past you.
The Prime Minister said that medicines are available at fifty to ninety percent lower price than the market rates at Jan Aushadi Kendras.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Archaeological Survey of India has performed significant work over the course of the last 150 years or so.
We have added more capacity to renewable energy than conventional energy in 2017.
This MoU shall remain in force for a period of five years.
The dream of “Ek Bharat – Shreshtha Bharat” is inherent in this.
Initiatives like GST and strict action against corruption has helped people doing honest business.
The Prime Minister spoke of themes such as climate protection and smart cities, which came up for discussion.
He emphasized that we, the people, must also work as per the expectations that our guardian – the Constitution – has from us.
He expressed confidence that the people and the State of Gujarat would emerge even stronger and successfully tackle the challenge posed by the floods.
Establishment of a security dialogue in order to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
He will witness the e-Gruh Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
First Lady Kim congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Seoul Peace Prize.
This festival is now also celebrated in some parts of the world.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) on India-Italy Cooperation in Renewable Energy between India and Italy.
My young friends, you know very well that I regularly do my ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
He said the Union Government is placing great emphasis on the development of waterways as well.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without collateral.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister highlighted the scope for cooperation in Energy Security and Food Security between the two countries.
5. The Sides called upon all states to work towards the lessening of global tensions and promoting the ideals of tolerance, cooperation, transparency and openness in inter-state relations.
This is changing the supply paradigm (पैरा-डाइम);
Indian youngsters have distinguished themselves due to their futuristic and out-of-the-box thinking.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is going to transform the health sector.
This is India’s unique beauty that spirituality and science complement each other in our culture.
With the inauguration of both cancer hospitals, Varanasi is set to become an important centre for quality treatment and care in Cancer related ailments.
It will add tremendous strength to our strategic defence.
He said that for India, this is not just an industrial transformation, but a social transformation.
Prime Minister recalled his successful visit to the United States in June this year.
My heartiest greetings to countrymen on this pious, festive occasion.
All leading agencies such as IMF, World Bank, and ADB are estimating India to grow at 7 to 8 percent in the near future.
Applauding the various social initiatives carried out by the Dawoodi Bohra community, Prime Minister said that various efforts are taken by the government to ensure improved living standards for citizens, especially the poor and needy.
The molecular oncology department of the institute was designated a “Centre of Excellence” in 2007 by the Union Government.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment all over the country.
In course of the conversation today the Prime Minister explained India’s policies in the areas of climate change and environmental sustainability.
Bhagini Nivedita ji revived the dignity and pride of Indian culture.
Hence, it is the endeavour of the government to ensure affordable healthcare to every citizen.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights policy.
Lower labour costs, large domestic market and macro-economic stability combine to make India a very attractive investment destination.
He added that it also creates trust among the common people, which is the key to ‘New India.’
130 crore Indian will give a befitting reply to any such act or attack.
After Indonesia Open and Australia Open, this win has completed the triad of the super series premiere title.
Insurance coverage upto 5 lakh rupees per family, per year for secondary and tertiary care hospitalization will be provided under this mission.
Space technology will touch the lives of our people in the region.
They believe that the simultaneous emergence of India and China as two large economies and major powers with strategic and decisional autonomy, has implications of regional and global significance.
He popularized India’s music traditions globally.
They shared their perspectives on the long shared history and maritime links between the two countries.
However, most of the time the situation of the house is like this that umpires are in more trouble than the players.
The Prime Minister said that the next step in this movement of Swachhta, should be conversion of waste to wealth.
I myself will also be a candidate during this election.
He complimented the people of Kashi for extending a warm welcome to French President Emmanuel Macron.
He always continued to inspire more than 1.25 billion citizens for achieving this goal.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will develop in this region.
His biggest contribution in the Freedom struggle was that he made it an expansive “Jan-Aandolan” (People’s Movement).
There was appreciation for India’s economic reform agenda, including GST.
The Prime Minister said that giving One Rank One Pension to ex-servicemen was a promise that he had made, and he was happy that he had been able to fulfil it.
The economic and social benefits of metro rail systems are well-known.
The 182 metre statue of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, will be dedicated to the nation on his birth anniversary, at Kevadiya in Narmada District of Gujarat.
I urge you to participate in Run for Unity, the festival of mutual harmony.
Despite this, we have de-controlled petrol and diesel prices.
Themes such as trade, investment, connectivity, youth and cultural exchanges came up for discussion.
Our youth will never be misled, the Prime Minister added.
However, we should not forget that all the work was not done merely by the government, money, planning or power.
He described GST is an example of Cooperative Federalism.
In my experience, the more we relied on people’s own leadership, the better were the outcomes.
Today, the government is using Direct Benefit Transfers for 59 different schemes.
I hope that the amount of emphasis that is given to the rights at every level during most of the time, is also given to discussing duties of citizens in an emphatic manner.
The Prime Minister later inaugurated the Patanjali Research Institute in Haridwar district.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of minority welfare schemes under the Union Government.
A boost to the rural economy through this revolution will make the Indian economy even more robust.
This Act will play an effective role in curbing crimes against women and girls.
I would also like to express gratitude to UNCTAD for having supported India’s initiative and playing an active role in bringing it to this stage.
7. Procurement of health equipment and pharmaceutical products;
We have moved towards digital platformsin fuel retail and payments.
India is also rapidly progressing on the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Competitiveness Index.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
Today, I got the opportunity to launch the new Chartered Accountancy Course Curriculum.
Exchanged by
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) for entering into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) in relation to Mutual Co-operation.
My dear countrymen, connecting with all of you, courtesy the ‘Mann KiBaat’ program has been a really wonderful experience for me.
I was told that a few days ago, in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, over three lakh people came together to work for the sanitation campaign.
Officials are working towards providing all possible assistance in the wake of the cyclone.
Under our scheme, our fellow villagers will get loan from the government, grant, and subsidy.
Such Mock Parliaments will further the spirit of discussion among our youth, he added.
He remarked that he has himself visited the North East more than 25 times in the last 4 years.
He also spoke of the benefits that the other development projects launched today would bring about.
This is indeed, a possession that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogi, and even a common person.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total worth of projects which were either inaugurated, or for which the Foundation Stone was laid today, is over Rs. 14,000 crore.
At the same time, an important responsibility of the State is to protect its own citizens.
Grand parents, parents and children should together perform Yoga and also upload their photos.
He said a comprehensive approach is being adopted for education, under the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan.
The Great Indian thinker and strategist Kautilya wrote the Arth-shastra more than two thousand years ago.
Mahatma Gandhi’s philosophy has inspired the whole world.
Regardless of the nature of business, Consumer satisfaction should be the prime motive.
India had earlier won the Asia Cup in Hockey in the years 2003 and 2007.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a mission mode approach to the 100 most backward districts in India.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space.
The number of new tax payers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
The MoU will provide a mechanism and help to foster scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
In this very Kranti Mandir, a visual arts museum has been established.
We are also partners in South Africa’s skill development efforts.
Applauding the efforts of NRIs, particularly Saurashtra Patel community, Prime Minister said that NRIs have always made India proud.
His father earns his daily bread by waste-picking.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and enterprise.
Now, the continent finds itself at the centre of global economic activity.
Events related to sanitation and renewable energy shall be the focus of the Prime Minister’s engagements on Gandhi Jayanti.
A single-window facilitation cell provides handholding for foreign investors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that through the India Post Payments Bank, banking services will conveniently reach the remotest places in the country, and the people living there.
Indian women have played a leading role in peace keeping efforts.
I have countless fond memories with him.
“Strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
Make headway with this Mantra.
The entire nation stands with the people of Northeast during this time.
I wish to congratulate all players who have won medals for the country.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister will perform a special prayer.
Singapore entities have become major partners with India in areas like urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
They agreed to jointly contribute in a positive and constructive way in facilitating sustainable solutions for global challenges including climate change, sustainable development, food security etc.
Interacting with the Prime Minister, the awardees narrated their inspirational stories in transforming their schools into centres of learning and excellence.
He mentioned the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
Heartiest greetings to all fellow citizens on this auspicious occasion.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi’s thoughts have the power to mitigate the challenges the world is facing today.
India contributes over six per cent of global fish production.
We are also making collaborative efforts to mainstream solar energy in the form of an International Solar Alliance.
We have taken note of the priority that President Temer attaches to reviving the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
He visited the Museum and Exhibition, and the Viewers’ Gallery.
This in itself is a great example of the changing ecosystem.
Sister Nivedita, without caring for her health, started cleaning drains and roads.
Progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said that he wishes to caution the country that certain forces are trying to put undue pressure on the judiciary.
The celebration of Ganesh Utsav publicly had become an effective medium in promoting a spirit of social awakening, integration, amity and equality among the masses besides projecting a sense of dedication and festivity in them.
The Chief Ministers of the respective States, and senior officials were present at the meetings.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana, rural roads have now connected 88 percent of all eligible habitations.
My dear brothers & sisters, we celebrated ‘Infantry Day’ yesterday.
Under Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana, remarkable progress has been achieved in rural areas.
Prime Minister appreciated the contribution made by Secretary Carter in strengthening the defence cooperation between India and the United States.
One of the main reasons for being afflicted with such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and the changes in our eating habits.
Last year, to boost our capital and investment linkages, we have revised the Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement.
The Prime Minister said technology is useful only if it provides benefit to the common man.
• If the law of the land is working, then we have to join hands together ward off the challenge from those who try to save themselves by raking up the issue of political conspiracy.
He said that from conventional teaching, our universities need to move towards innovative learning.
We salute the courage & invaluable service of the Indian Army.
Under this, we offer around 700 scholarships annually to students for studying in Sri Lanka and India.
Till August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
We also exchanged perspectives on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
Through her work, she spread the message of the importance of cleanliness and service to mankind.
The independence of the judiciary is a basic feature of the Indian Constitution.
He will also distribute aid and assistive devices to Divyangans.
He mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail, and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had hoisted the tricolour 75 years ago.
We are all aware that a few days ago, ISRO has successfully launched the GSAT-19.
In just 100 days since its inception over 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited.
Friends, keeping the inflation under control has caused economic benefits to the poor and middle class consumers.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment climate.
That’s why the state government has been provided every help for the development of basic facilities.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi will attend the Annual Conference of DGPs and IGPs on 7th and 8th January at the BSF Academy at Tekanpur, Madhya Pradesh.
Savings of fuel due to elimination of delays at State border crossings will help the environment as well, he added.
We now experience how something grows naturally.
They sent 104 satellites into space, through a single rocket launch.
In disaster after disaster, affected people are using social media to help each other.
President Xi and I will exchange views on a range of issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar would spur the industrial development of Odisha, and work towards technology to improve the lives of the people.
In addition to Kathmandu, I am also looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath.
Thus, it becomes clear that our younger generations still care for the brave heroes of our ancient past, its heritage and history.
And if we impart knowledge about nature to our children then in future they may prove very useful in protecting the environment.
On the contrary, if one cleans up dirt in the surroundings, he gets energized, and then does not resign himself to existing adverse circumstances.
· Insurance companies have also been advised to pay the insurance claims of people affected by Ockhi cyclone expeditiously.
Prime complemented the schoolchildren for their scientific skills and encouraged them to come up with more such inventions.
He said countries of the world wish to walk with India on the path of peace and stability.
From the seashores to the mountains, people welcomed the first rays of the sun, with Yoga.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay foundation stone for various development projects in Kutch today.
In response to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India’s timeless values of nurturing and protecting nature.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should also think of globally competitive bamboo products.
We have shaped an ambitious roadmap of engagement to make our comprehensive strategic partnership purposeful and action oriented.
On 29 May, I will be in Jakarta on the invitation of Indonesian President Joko Widodo.
These brave hearts made the supreme sacrifice in securing the lives of a hundred & twenty five crore Indians.
Addressing a public meeting, the PM congratulated everyone who has worked for the memorial.
He will launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development works at the district level.
This is in line with our mutual desire for a reinforced strategic partnership.
That is why, Swami Vivekananda said, “expansion is life, contraction is death.”
I can see a number of Bal Kanahiyas here.
He reiterated Shri Inamdar’s mantra of “Bina Sanskar, Nahin Sahkar.”
The Prime Minister also met representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress, and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
This also is saving crores of rupees for the poor and middle class people.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished people on World Health Day.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
We aim to provide every poor and homeless household a house with toilet, water and electricity by the year 2022.
People from Meghalaya have made a notable contribution to our country.
I am visiting the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Moon Jae-in.
We now have electricity in every village.
President Temer’s visit will open up new areas for cooperation with Brazil, an important strategic partner.
Today, with NHRC operating at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have also been constituted.
“Glad to know that people across Tripura marked the Jayanti of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with immense enthusiasm.
From Itanagar, PM will return to Guwahati .
He said the areas of the country that are near the sea, can become centres of our blue revolution.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is linked to efforts towards a healthier India.
Addressing the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said Gujarat had faced heavy rains for the past week.
These operations have been carried out in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan and many other parts of the world.
Your surroundings too must be full of such inspiring happenings.
Jayalalithaa ji’s connect with citizens, concern for welfare of the poor, the women & marginalized will always be a source of inspiration.
We keep learning something or the other from great men and women, saints, sages, holy people.
This could form another link to further connect our societies.
This time every devotee will be able to have a darshan of the pious Akshayavat after the holy dip in the confluence.
There are many such aspects which emerged out of these discussions which are definitely going to be beneficial for the students.
Every month, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from these camps.
At this event we won 13 medals besides 3 in mixed events.
The Prime Minister said that the task of constructing toilets was undertaken in mission mode.
Both Sides noted recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
It is because of such efforts that we have improved significantly on the Ease of Doing Business rankings from 142 to 77”.
India remembers our brave soldiers who fought in WW-1.
The memorial also has 24-narrative murals depicting various events and stories from the historic 1930 Salt March.
The Prime Minister said that it is vital to identify the “last people in the line” so that benefits of governance can reach them.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders to build a coalition or centre for promoting disaster resilient infrastructure in the region.
Friends, strengthening of our emotional bonds will also strengthen our shared cultural and trade heritage.
He said the Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisions water for every farm.
The 1.25 billion people of India are keen to welcome the ASEAN Leaders as our Chief Guests at India’s 69th Republic Day Celebrations.
We will fully support this.
He urged the members to raise awareness among the community about their rights.
Our economic ties continue to follow an upward trajectory.
He saw a vital place for youngsters in the realm of nation building.
Yoga helps to maintain balance amidst this disintegration.
With this launch we have started a journey to build the most advanced frontier of our partnership.
We can now see a positive momentum towards digital transactions in India.
He said if America becomes stronger, India will be a natural beneficiary.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything it can, to give enough water to the farmers.
In this context he spoke of India’s digital infrastructure, and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-NAM, and GeM.
Earlier this month, at an event in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had focused on the human element of our brave jawans.
Today solar energy is gaining popularity in India.”
He said that over the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked towards fulfilling this vision of social democracy.
That is why the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government, he added.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will remain grounded and would not lose focus due to fame and accolades.
It is also very heartening to see that the United Nations has come forward as a partner in this entire process.
We are celebrating this Independence Day in a positive atmosphere amidst such positive chain of events.
This has done away with a vast range of State level and central level taxes through-out India.
My dear countrymen, you must’ve returned to your respective routines after the Diwali vacation, with a new resolve, with a new determination.
We will work towards a qualitatively higher level of military-to-military cooperation.
Five new Metro Rail Projects covering a total length of over 140 kilometers have been approved.
• The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual Summit meetings, including on the margins of multilateral events.
I want to humbly submit that the sale of khadi products since independence has doubled.
This will also promote the production of high quality medicines, consumables and other medical technology equipment.
He was an effective voice for Karnataka’s aspirations in Delhi.
He commended their dedication towards education and for making it their life mantra.
The Swachh Bharat Abhiyan is an initiative in this direction.
The Prime Minister later flagged off the “Run For Unity” from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
36 white industries have been taken out from the requirement of environmental clearance.
India’s core values are rooted in our civilizational heritage.
First one is that the size of the cabinet in states was restricted to 15% of the total seats in the state Assembly.
At the feet of the Statue of Unity, the Prime Minister performed a special prayer.
Bilateral meetings with participating countries on the sidelines of BRICS meetings are also planned.
60. Our resolve is to build an India, which provides all the opportunities to the youth and women to fulfil their dreams.
He will then arrive at the Wall of Unity, and inaugurate it.
They need to be assured that the rules of the game will not change overnight, in an arbitrary fashion.
It will be such pleasant blend of Yesterday, today and tomorrow that it will lend a new dimension to Yoga.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh CM Pema Khandu and other officials both in Delhi and the states on the flood situation
It has become the main growth engine of the world.
The Prime Minister stated that both countries have benefitted in an unprecedented manner through economic engagement.
I convey my hearty greetings to all fellow Indians and everyone across the world, especially the Muslim brethren at the advent of this auspicious month of Ramazan.
I thanked all the parties on that day.
PM will lay the foundation stone of doubling of 425 km long Jhansi-Manikpur and Bhimsen-Khairar railway lines.
Prime Minister assured him of India’s full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibilities.
I congratulate and felicitate the young heroes and their families who were honoured with various gallantry awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
“Wishing you all on National Voters’ Day.
Ours is a society that holds teachers in very high esteem.
Sports are considered a waste of time in our society.
I am happy to see such a large participation of Energy Ministers from producing and consuming nations, Heads of International Organisations and CEOs in this forum.
India exports fish and fisheries products to about 95 countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has saluted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
It is India’s youth that is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights, the Prime Minister said.
We wish to build land, sea and air connectivity to this dynamic region.
The demand to confer constitutional status on the OBC Commission had existed for years.
Regional and International Cooperation has an important role in providing an added push to our efforts.
He emphasized that the government is committed to the wellbeing of the elderly population.
As a veteran Parliamentarian, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
The whole environment is filled with sacred fragrance.
She brought the people together by infusing a sense of national-awakening.
I strongly condemn the violence and urge everyone to maintain peace.
A heritage that connects our societies across generations and through centuries.
Through the UMANG App, more than 100 public services have been made available to the citizens through their mobile phone.
They gave due priority and importance to each single drop of water.
He said this spirit brings about a positive change, and engenders a sense of responsibility.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameswaram (via video conference).
During their meeting, Prime Minister extended a warm welcome to President Mirziyoyev and his delegation to Gujarat.
As there are no middlemen, the goods are available at very reasonable rates.
So, it is indeed an honour for me to welcome such a great friend and strong supporter of India.
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
The Prime Minister said that besides the National War Memorial, the National Police Memorial has also been established.
He described GST as a “Good and Simple Tax” which would ultimately benefit the people.
Given global uncertainties, India also needs energy security.
• Solar Photo-Voltaic energy has become economical compared to all other energy sources.
We regard thriving two-way trade and investment flows as the bedrock of a strong partnership.
To this end, they decided to strengthen the Closer Development Partnership in a mutually beneficial and sustainable manner, in pursuit of national modernization and greater prosperity for their peoples.
The country salutes the indomitable courage of Meenaji, wife of Martyr PrasannaSahu of Jagatsinghpur, Odisha.
In course of the presentation made by CEO NITI Aayog, it was noted that remarkable progress has been made in several areas.
Training is given for employment as well as self-employment to meet the aspirations of youth for a better life.
While new laws have been formulated, older laws have been made more stringent now.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished the citizens on National Voters’ Day.
Today also, one Japanese township has been announced.
At this moment of hardship&agony, their service stands out as a shining example.
• Along with the High Speed Rail project, a training institute is also taking shape.
The Act East policy of my government puts this region at the centre of our engagement.
Minister Le Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
By removing physical barriers at state boundaries, GST will accelerate long haul transport and further increase efficiency.
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are marked by broad understanding on issues of mutual interest.
It brings about a harmony in the society by making the family sensitive towards society.
He then witnessed an audio-visual presentation of experience sharing by select beneficiaries of schemes of the Government of India and Government of Rajasthan.
Together we will build such an India where nobody will compromise with corruption and nepotism.
After hockey, good news for India also came in badminton.
Five (5) Companies of BSF, CISF and RAF’s have been deployed in the State to carry out rescue and relief measures.
With this new practice of people’s participation, our effort to take the country forward with people’s involvement will help us to reach our goal.
He said this would be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birth anniversary in 2019.
Leading this effort, the Prime Minister shared through social media, a special video, featuring his appeal to the people to send messages to our brave Armed Forces personnel.
Last year in November, India organized the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
At Dwarka, he will lay the Foundation Stones of a bridge between Okha and Beyt Dwarka; and other road development projects.
Translating a thought into reality was his forte’.
I once again bow paying my obeisance to Shri Guru Gobind Singh ji.
This programme has already provided nearly ten million new connections in just seven months.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), Prime Minister said that Self Help Groups play a very important role in the economic and social advancement of poor, especially for women from rural strata of society.
PM will inaugurate Hollong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Yoga is a guarantee of both fitness and wellness.
He noted that the prize is being conferred at a time when India marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The day of Bhagwan Mahavir’s birth anniversary is a day to remember his sacrifice and penance.
Now, farmers will have RuPay Debit Cards, which they can use anywhere.
He said that a teacher remains a teacher throughout life.
We will be hosting a global mobility conference this year.
City Gas Distribution ensures the supply of cleaner fuel (PNG) to households, industrial & commercial units.
Ayushman Bharat will provide immense investment opportunitiesin the areas of health infrastructure, medical equipment manufacturing, and healthcare services.
He described the Constitution as the very soul of our democratic structure.
Today, in the twenty-sixth meeting, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress towards handling and resolution of grievances related to post offices, and railways.
Trade Unions so recognized would be accountable in maintaining industrial harmony.
Recently, I had the opportunity to go to one of my favorite events.
My thoughts are with his entire family, friends and supporters in this hour of grief and sadness.
I recently visited the Krishi Unnati Mela organized in New Delhi.
“I bow to Loknayak Jayprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
Heartiest congratulations, Beti Shivangi.
Today is the birth anniversary of Veer Savarkarjee.
They called upon all countries to implement the UNSC Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions designating terrorist entities.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that Eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected with the Bay of Bengal, through the water route.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
PM has directed Insurance Companies to hold special camps for assessment & timely release of compensation to the affected families/beneficiaries under Social Security Schemes.
During this Session, the nation gets an opportunity to elect the new President and the Vice President.
And, recorded one of the highest growth rates in the Euro zone in 2016.
He added that the Government is giving a lot of importance to innovation and research.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a fifty – fifty Joint Venture of Government of India and Government of Kerala.
Memories of Diwali celebrations with our security forces in Gurez sector of Jammu & Kashmir will stay long cherished in my heart.
He recounted the various steps, including demonetization, taken by the Union Government in the last three years, against black money, and to bring elements indulging in corruption, to book.
Two days later, we shall celebrate the birth anniversary of Shastriji along with respected Bapu’s birth anniversary.
Our soldiers practiced yoga in Siachen where temperatures reach minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
Yoga has created a world record again this time also.
Their target is to reach 300 million under-privileged people by 2022.
Banks and NBFCs will not levy high interest on these loans, as Government of India is bearing the cost of underwriting them.
I congratulate these young friends and members of the school in Chandrapur, from the core of my heart.
During a match in Kolkata one player from the opposite team hit him on the head with the hockey stick.
We have exceptionally good political and people-to-people relations with each and every country in the ASEAN region.
He also called upon the University to work towards overall development of these 100 villages.
In fact, 1.25 billion people of India have the same affection for the Japanese people.
My effort is to take the banking system to normalcy as fast as possible in the new year.
Best wishes.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister described the programme as an illustration of Indian traditions.
It plans to meet nearly twenty five percent of the entire energy requirements from renewable sources, particularly solar energy.
The Prime Minister said that this high speed railway would not only bring two cities closer, but also bring the people living hundreds of kilometers away, closer to each other.
Speaking on the occasion, at a large public meeting in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke of the high ambition and willpower of “New India.”
The foundation of good knowledge should be followed by a super-structure of a better society.
This is an area that India needs to improve upon to remain competitive.
Just a while ago, 16 year old Shivangi Pathak became the youngest Indian woman to scale Everest from the Nepal side.
From the point of a foreign investor, India counts as an extremely low risk political economy.
Towards this end, the Prime Minister’s interaction will bring together various stakeholders involved in the mission.
We have set a target to construct capacity of 175 Giga Watt of renewable energy by the year 2022.
I thank Keidanren, JETRO and other organisations for helping us in this process.
The approval seeks to ensure that the doctors belonging to Central Health Service (CHS) and of other Ministries / Departments / entities of the Central Government, after attaining the age of 62 years, work exclusively in their respective fields of clinical expertise.
Foreign investment has been invited in this sector.
Sinhala and Tamil were the court languages.
The gems and jewellery sector employs 4.6 million people.
100 percent neem coating of Urea has also resulted in lowering expenditure on fertilizer, apart from raising productivity.
This can happen only if businesses make long-term investments that create jobs and sustain economic growth.
We stand with Portugal in full support in this hour of grief.
Somnath has more than 2 million followers on social media.
The beneficiary who takes a loan under the scheme would be provided interest subsidy for loan amount upto Rs. 2 Lakhs.
We asserted our supremacy in the world by introducing Tejas aircraft.
The quest for solace from the stresses of modern life, often drives people to tobacco, alcohol, or even drugs.
It is a rare opportunity for you people as well.
The ten questions in the Survey are as follows:
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Shri Modi said that the young athletes should inspire youngsters in their schools and villages to take up sports.
The theme of IEF-16 is “The Future of Global Energy Security.”
His futuristic policies across various sectors touched the lives of each and every citizen of India.
The South Asia Satellite tells us that even the sky is not the limit when it comes to regional cooperation among like-minded countries.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
I hope the industry is in constant touch with them.
Peacekeeping operation is not an easy task.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help and enroll in PM-SYM, those working in the unorganized sector, whether it is in one’s house or in the neighborhood.
The Prime Minister responded at length to various questions raised by the delegation members.
Atalji was a true patriot.
The first one relates to building infrastructure like Highways, Railways etc. while the other is to ensure that the benefits of development reach out to the people.
Strategic Engagement
The staff of the UN and diplomats from across the world participated.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress in implementation of the AMRUT Mission.
Kochi ranks first in the total number of international and domestic tourist arrivals in Kerala.
He said the new format of the Conference has resulted in a marked improvement in the quality of discussions.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the cyclone-affected States through a package of relief measures.
This has gained wide acceptance.
He said the projects unveiled today would go a long way in developing sectors such as education, health, employment, skill development, transportation, power, sports and tourism.
Similarly, when you are sturdy as a nation, you can be at peace with others.
The Prime Minister explained in detail about the benefits of PM-SYM.
Acting against corruption
He was appointed as a Permanent Judge of the Gauhati High Court on 28th February, 2001.
The foundation stone of roads under central road fund (CRF) will be laid through the press of button.
An India Japan Business Plenary is scheduled the same day.
Works like Encyclopaedia of Hinduism, when made available in various languages, increase the under-standing and enhance the awareness of other traditions and cultures within the country.
Nordic solutions in clean technologies, maritime solutions, port modernisation, food processing, health, life-sciences and agriculture were mentioned.
His demise is anguishing.
It is one of the key elements of India’s rising soft power status, globally, he added.
In that interview, field Marshal Sam Manekshaw was reminiscing on times when he was a Colonel.
Your children have benefited from this.
He said that developing a close rapport with people, is one of the keys to achieving success in their tasks and objectives.
It is anchored in the belief that our people are pivotal partners in our effort to craft responsive, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their exemplary performance in the international arena.
It gets its wings from our democratic traditions, emphasis on both wealth and value creation, a robust sense of enterprise and quest to modernize and prosper its economy.
What goals is the gems and jewellery industry setting for itself by that date?
This is the identity of your Dynamic Course and the Credibility of Examinations.
He inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
This payment was ensured through sugar mills to farmers.
Addressing the large and enthusiastic gathering, the Prime Minister said he is witnessing first-hand, how Rajasthan welcomes visitors.
Unveiling the expansion of health care system in Bihar, he said, “ It is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health care infrastructure development.
It is considered an occasion to worship Vidya, knowledge.
In the run-up to International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister has also taken to social media to share the intricacies of various Yoga Asanas.
India and Cyprus share the common objective of bringing about an early reform of the United Nations Security Council.
Prime Minister exchange views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the nomination of workers’ representatives in tripartite bodies by the government will become more transparent.
64. The Sides noted that the participation of the Prime Minister of the Republic of India Narendra Modi in the SCO Heads of State Council Meeting in Qingdao in June 2018 marked successful involvement of India in the work of the Organization as a full-fledged member.
I would like to specially mention the arduous endeavors of the NDRF daredevils.
Our motto is ‘More crop, per drop.’
I congratulate Bilal Dar.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation outlines the agenda of our engagement in this field.
In fact, micro plastics have now even entered basic food like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome its recent financial and banking challenges.
These include: Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban); Atal Mission for Rejuvenation of Urban Transfornation (AMRUT); and the Smart Cities Mission.
Their husbands laid down their lives in the service of mother India.
He said this decision would unlock huge amounts of money for development of the mineral rich districts.
Prime Minister of Mauritius Mr. Pravind Jugnauth will be the chief guest of the PBD convention.
The results are already visible.
Such is the scale of opportunity that is waiting to be tapped.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
A well-read population will help India excel globally.
2. Assistance in development of human resources and setting up of health care facilities;
This Agreement shall enter into force on the first day of the second month after the Contracting Parties notify each other in through diplomatic channels, that the necessary national legal requirements for entry into force of this Agreement have been fulfilled.
Raising the issue of black money at the world stage
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
We have used technology to reach out to people.
The Government of India has also provided support to the activities of the foundation.
Her stellar innings in semi finals will always be remembered.
He encouraged States to give fresh ideas to the Finance Commission, for incentivizing outcome-based allocations, and expenditure correction.
He unveiled a Road Map for overall development of tribals during the next five years.
This mammoth effort of bringing about cleanliness is a wonderful example of fostering aesthetics, co-operation and continuum.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that these great men are indispensable part of our country’s history.
Incorporating a company is now just a one day affair.
In this, India can be a valuable partner.
Strong people-to-people contacts and the presence of a large Indian Diaspora in Canada provide a strong foundation for the relationship.
They noted with great concern the growing menace of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
The Prime Minister asserted that more people are paying taxes because they have faith that their money is being used properly and for the welfare of people.
He praised Prime Minister Abe for the fact that this project is being launched within such a short time.
During the last three years, everyone in his or her own way has contributed towards water conservation and water management.
Key Features of the tunnel
16 year old player Tabaabi Devi hails from a village in Manipur.
Let us join hands even more closely and strongly.
In FDI Foreign Direct Investment, we are one of the most open countries now.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Minister of Foreign Affairs to India.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has paid homage to Bhagwan Birsa Munda, on his birth anniversary.
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not make it to the meeting in person.
The Union Government attaches topmost importance to the development of eastern India, he added.
Towards this end, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
He added that inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, Indians have made the Swachh Bharat Mission the world’s biggest people’s movement.
Friends, to further the principle of Sabka Saath – Sabka Vikaas, on the eve of the new year, Government is bringing some new programmes for the people.
They can also withstand adverse agro-climatic conditions.
14. Security of the country is our priority.
I hope India’s success at 2018 Commonwealth Games motivates more youngsters to pursue sports and creates larger awareness on the importance of fitness in everyone’s lives.
We are fourth largest in Wind Energyand fifth largest producer of Solar Energy.
He said the effort is to showcase India’s glorious past, and vibrant future.
The App is also beneficial for traders.
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the extension of the term of the Commission to examine the issue of Sub-categorization of Other Backward Classes in the Central List till November, 2018.
Record growth in last two and a half years
The world has for too long seen prices on a roller-coaster.
The poison of casteism and communalism can never benefit the country.
He said that initiatives like Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyaan and Mission Indradhanush played a vital role in the decline in the mortality rate.
PM said that Ayushman Bharat Scheme will create an entirely new ecosystem which helps to create healthier India.
The Prime Minister said that there are ample opportunities in the tourism sector, and the world is keen to come to India.
It is due to his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly, the Prime Minister said.
An enabling alternate dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
With the changes in demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country has been changing.
The project of Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural co-operation between Kyoto city of Japan and Varanasi.
Under the aegis of “Eat Right India” campaign, ‘Swasth Bharat’ trips are being carried out across the country.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi’s vision.
“Sardar Patel devoted his life towards unifying India.
In the course of the day, the Prime Minister interacted with people in Kavaratti, and Kanyakumari.
In fact, May 1857 was not only evaluated as a minor historical incident but was also an attempt to dent our self-respect.
Therefore, a mass rapid transport system is essential to address the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
Dr. Abdullah conveyed Afghanistan’s deep appreciation for India’s continuing support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
On Citizenship Bill, PM urged people not be carried away by the rumours related to the citizenship bill.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management on a war footing.
The MoU is intended to promote innovation, creativity and economic growth in both countries.
In no time, “Selfie with Daughter” became a big campaign not only in India but across the whole world.
We both are democratic countries filled with diversities.
Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institution for Transforming India (NITI Aayog)
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
He will witness a demonstration of activities such as beneficiary identification, and e-card creation.
People are writing in from far and wide.
In this mutual and global pursuit I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a perfect partner.
He stressed that growth and development of Jammu and Kashmir is high on his agenda.
Excellency, we commend your vision and leadership for taking your country out of this crisis and on to the path of economic prosperity.
The second edition of “Samvad”- Global Initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environment Consciousness, is being organised in Yangon today and tomorrow.
There must be innumerable incidents.
The agreement on trade remedies signed today would strengthen our trade partnership further.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it was indeed significant that the junior-most and senior-most officers are spending such a lot of time communicating with each other.
The Prime Minister also extended his wishes to the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Therefore, the strategic imperative to Make in India, to Make for India, and to Supply to the World from India is stronger than ever before.
The Prime Minister said that the policies and decisions of the Union Government are aimed at increasing the income of farmers.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is less vulnerable to banking distress among the major economies.
Was it possible if a new era of honesty had not been ushered in the country, in the economy of the country?
He congratulated the people of India on the occasion, and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and progress, and deliver results quickly.
Progress of important projects in the roads and railways sectors, such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, the Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, the Chenab railway bridge, and the Jiribam-Imphal project was also reviewed.
This metro project has several significant features.
I extend my best wishes to all countrymen for these festivals.
They have taken this campaign in a religious manner.
Package of twelve services including free universal screening for common NCDs.
This has freed rural women from the misery of poisonous smoke.
The selected bank will co-brand the Kochi Metro Fare Card and App with the bank’s name.
He said Swachhata – or cleanliness – is a simple mechanism of preventive healthcare.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased 4 times.
Investors look for growth and macro-economic stability.
He recalled that Indian soldiers had played a key role in the liberation of Haifa during the first world war.
Government is also providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to promote Self Help Groups throughout the country.
The Prime Minister said that as many as three lakh companies have come under the scanner, in the course of inspecting the data mined after demonetization.
Recently, a scheme has also been launched to provide electricity connection to every household of the country.
He made it clear that the Government will be adding more number of seats in the educational institutions to ensure that the other category students will not be affected.
If possible, we can make the elder family members accompany these children to the playground and play with them.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed developments in India-China relations from the strategic and long-term perspective.
This has given us an opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
In a way, entire India received his blessings.
The MOU will help the Academy to disseminate some of its experience in running a training institution for higher civil services in the country to NIPAM.
His work towards empowering the poor will always be remembered.
My dear countrymen, I will be back amidst you next month, with another episode of ‘Mann Ki Baat.’
18. Will integrate with the proposed National Health Protection Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
We are clearing loans up to Rs one crore in 59 minutes”.
It will lead to promotion and propagation of Traditional Systems of Medicines of India in Colombia.
He was a stalwart loved and respected across all sections of society, he added.
“I bow to the venerable Loknayak JP on his Jayanti.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited only to work related aspects.
The movement targeted the young generation, in particular.
Prime Minister appreciated how poor women with their self-confidence and strength fought against all adversities.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have been included in the Amrit Mission.
He said Varanasi is among the select cities in the country where Piped Cooking Gas is being made available.
The setting up of a Chair on the Paika Rebellion, in Utkal University, Bhubaneswar, was announced.
He emphasized that the poor must have access to quality and affordable healthcare.
It depicts the way historically the people of India and ASEAN have been bound together.
Recognition of Trade Unions at Central/State level would reduce duplicacy of such exercise by different departments.
Moreover, these mile-stones have been achieved even before some of the major recent reforms.
My thoughts are with his family and well-wishers in this hour of grief.
Our present is encouraging us to work together.
The Framework Agreement has been signed on September 03, 2016.
All the stake holders related to health sector are working together to transform the sector, PM said.
You must have seen how within a hundred hours of the attack, retributive action was accomplished.
But now we live in independent India.
In a way, this is endowed with the might to transform the entire season-cycle of the country.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
All of us pay tributes to the martyrs who sacrificed their lives for the motherland, by observing silence for 2 minutes at 11 am on 30th January.
