His courage is a source of inspiration.
Write a few things about the people's life there, not just the buildings, not just the natural beauty.
This is a good start.
Kerala was also the first state to achieve 100 per cent primary education.
May the blessings of the great Himalayas be with you.
The security insurance scheme has provided risk insurance to millions of people who are in dire need.
The Prime Minister said that his government is committed to completing all projects in a timely manner.
The deaths of working with Shri M. Vankaya Naidu in the party and government are full of memories.
Recalling Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, the Prime Minister said that on Netaji's call, many young
We have given momentum to policy-making in this area.
Recently, the Government of India has standardized the specifications for the rolling stock and signal system of the Metro Rail.
Reviewing the coal sector, the Prime Minister stressed the need for innovative efforts through the use of up-to-date technology
After the review meeting, the Prime Minister announced financial assistance of Rs 500 crore for the state.
He said the government's focus is on increasing production through fast connectivity.
The one-month campaign will be conducted to determine the distance from Haridwar to Patna by river rafting.
The Prime Minister said that about 12 crore farmers are likely to benefit from PM-Kisan Yojana.
10 days ago, India-Mother lost her brave sons.
But if we do not have confidence in our power, our strength, then no one will accept it.
He said that a new culture needs to be developed through the use of technology to benefit farmers in the agricultural sector as well.
In July this year, we have implemented uniform goods and services tax system across the country.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today took part in the celebration of the centenary of the Karnataka Lingu
Now some people may say why did you take two years?
This is a new path that the government has opened for you.
If these are among the youth of a country, then the country will not only progress in the fields of economy, science and technology but also
But the rain is waiting.
The Union Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has given its prior approval to the MoU between India and
The Prime Minister said that every single rupee and every resource of the Government of India is dedicated to the welfare of Indians
India and Japan are ancient civilizations and vibrant democracies.
Talking with the beneficiaries and store owners in more than 5000 locations, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken two major
There is an increased welcome to maternity leave.
India is setting new records not only in sports but also in those areas that were never even thought about.
Our security forces have been given full independence.
The MoU will help to move forward in attracting Saudi Arabian institutions to potential investment in infrastructure in India.
His visit is important for both countries as we celebrate a decade of our strategic partnership.
She rode about 300 kilometers a day for 159 days.
You too can be a big catalyst in boosting tourism in the country by using the time from October to March.
The Prime Minister urged the players to remember and stay in touch with their teachers, guardians and coaches, who have guided them
He called on the people of Pakistan to ask their rulers to fight against corruption and counterfeit notes.
He said that just as Sardar Patel ensured political integration of the country, GST will ensure economic integration.
May you all benefit from the benefits of yoga.
This decision should be made within six months during the fast track process.
This includes photography and geotagging.
We are already the fifth largest producer of solar energy in the world.
They also agreed to continue efforts to develop clean energy-based systems, renewable energy and fuels, energy efficiency and pollution-
The portal and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive cooperation in fulfilling their new responsibilities.
He stressed that the project was approved in January 2015 and is now available for use.
Including Monpa, Memba, Sartang, Sajolong (Migi) in the order number 9 instead of M
He recalled India's commitment to generate 175 gigawatts of energy from renewable sources by 2022.
I commend the Urban Development Ministry under the leadership of Mr. Venkaiah for the implementation of the Val U Cap Chara Finance Policy
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the public assembly for celebrating Dhanvantari Jayanti as Ay
We look forward to increasing investment in next generation infrastructure including roads, ports, railways, airports, telecommunications, digital
Just as we have implemented the Sendai framework, we will welcome new opportunities for regional and international cooperation.
Since last month, he has started to hear 'Mary Khyber Pakhtunkhwa' in regional languages immediately after completion of
The Prime Minister said that the group gathered here today represents the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
I would also urge the listeners of Man Ki Baat who are engaged in Sanskrit to consider how to advance the suggestion
He said that Mahatma Gandhi had merged the currents of public participation and public movement.
The Prime Minister congratulated all those involved with this marvelous achievement.
I am happy to visit this great country once again.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today held an informal meeting with all the Secretaries, Senior Officials of Ministries of the
He has distinguished himself as a hardworking and people-friendly administrator in both the Delhi government and the Centre.
I see immense opportunities for investors who have not yet been able to exploit them.
It provides a mechanism for taking up the growing land value.
I am confident that the commercial partnerships they will establish will boost our business relations.
The first one is 100 per cent literate from the city and the first 100 per cent literate from the district of Kerala.
Nearly all countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their own.
He also recalled the contribution of Indian community members to the independence movement of Kenya.
I commend all the people and organizations involved in the construction of more and more toilets in different parts of the country.
On the occasion of Air Force Day, the Prime Minister said, "My nation's greetings to the Air Force heroes and
He said that we are entering a period of increased energy availability, but unfortunately more than a billion people in the world are
Last year, the total sales of Khadi and handicrafts increased by almost 90 per cent.
I congratulate the people of Kochi on this proud moment.
On behalf of the people and citizens of Gujarat and Maharashtra, who benefit from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister
Therefore, if new technology is used in the construction of new houses in India, it will have additional benefits.
Shri S. Gurbakhan Singh's family has set an example for us.
Sister Nivedita and scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu are a powerful example of this.
Today we live in a connected world.
The Prime Minister released the Mission Action Scheme document for the Narmada flow  Narmada River.
As a society, as a country, 30 January, 11 a.m. 2 minute tribute should be an easy act.
In this context, he mentioned the initiatives of the Central Government which have reduced the price of medicines and the price of stents.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will also launch the air service between Jagdalpur and Raipur.
Pakistan's 100th airport was inaugurated in Sikkim and the country's first. India won the Under-19 Cricket
Gradually, work will be made in that direction.
I will also address a public meeting.
When all parties work together in the national interest, decisions are also good, results are also good.
Protocol for consultation between the two foreign ministries for the period 2019-23.
The Prime Minister quoted writer Ram Vṛkṣ Bānepuri and poet Sohanlal Dwivedi to express the mood
Our festivals also teach us about social values.
From this land of Mahatma Gandhi and Gautam Buddha, our brave peacekeepers have conveyed the message of peace and harm
All these great men visited India extensively.
He thanked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for his warm welcome and respect during his entire visit.
You are the leader of a great nation.
The Prime Minister also reviewed the progress of the Smart City Mission.
The Union Government will support the steps taken by the State Government.
He encouraged them to share specific experiences during the visit and to write on the topic.
From the cause-list to the case-law, the lawyer's library is now one click away from your mobile.
The Prime Minister launched the virtual dedication of the statue by pressing a button.
With these measures, our economy is now on a fast path of development.
The Prime Minister said that generic medicines are now available to a greater number of people, which has not only reduced the cost of health
The foundation meeting of this alliance was held in New Delhi earlier this year.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to improve the system from time to time.
She was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that she gave up her happy life and devoted her life to the service of the
In this context, he mentioned government programs such as Jan Dhan Yojana, Ujjwala Yojana, Swachh Bharat
Railway will now be able to make its contribution in fulfilling the transportation needs of the country in a better way.
We have fought hard against terrorism and extremism in our respective countries.
He also discussed the work being done towards cleanliness and the work being done to enhance the beauty of the city.
Our domestic market is divided into pieces.
Prime Minister Modi reiterated the importance of unity in the European Union and underlined its importance as a force for stability in
We are now globally integrated economy.
The Prime Minister said that service is a part of our culture.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today laid the foundation stone of several development projects of the Government of India and the Government of Jhar
In India, if we compare the effects of the cyclone in 1999 and 2013, the effects will be clear.
Through radio, I am in a way connected to millions of families every month.
I have been informed that Rs 1.20 crore has been given to this foundation during the last two years.
Bioliquids actually reduce the dependence of imports on crude oil.
We can see in the Swachhata Hai Sava movement how much the electronic media of our country, the print media of our country can
This time, the Swaraj Jayeeti of the Press Council of India is also being celebrated.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of farmer-producing organisations.
The meeting was attended by Gujarat Chief Minister Shri Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and State Government, disaster
On this occasion, the Prime Minister congratulated the recipients of the prestigious Gandhi Peace Prize.
Working together, we want to take our mutual relations as a future-oriented partnership for people, prosperity and peace.
Yoga can be a strong source for discipline and development.
Starting a new business in India has now become easier than ever.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to start development work while preserving the environment and local culture.
Inspired by his vision, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) was established on 12 October 1993.
These measures have also increased the efficiency of energy use.
The country is moving in the right direction at every moment.
The Prime Minister will open the pages of the Bhagavad Gita and formally inaugurat it.
He said that close coordination and continuous monitoring is needed for these good works.
The coming together of so many countries on International Yoga Day reflects the true essence of Yoga.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
The Prime Minister appreciated the progress made in bilateral cooperation in the field of defence technology.
I will also visit religious sites that have cultural ties with India.
The Prime Minister will also release the outline of the Harit Rameshwar project.
All our players did their best and played very well.
The Prime Minister met with the Chief Minister of the State, Shri Pinarayi Vijayan and officials of the State Government to review
This concrete step will help greatly in building a new India.
Russia has strongly supported India's claim to membership in the United Nations Security Council under reforms.
It is said that the inspiration was the sister Nivedita.
Shri Narendra Modi said that today connectivity is essential for development.
I express my special thanks to the administration, the government and the people of these five states for completing this task.
Life goes on, do you have a sense of mission and a sense of ambition?
Its scope is spread across South Asia.
Since the time of Upanishads, people have been respected for centuries.
He said that the cooperative movement is a coordination with the nature of Indian society.
I especially welcome and thank the 15 partner countries of the vibrant Gujarat.
India is the third largest economy in terms of purchasing power parity (PPP).
It is estimated that there are more than two crore graduates of engineering and management in our country.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries who were present in today's presentation was evident to the crowd present here today.
His singing will continue to attract people to Sufi music.
They want political stability and an assistant regulator to ensure the protection of their investments.
Of these, 101 satellites were from the United States, Israel, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Kazakhstan and the United Arab Emirates.
He also discussed several other projects including roads and Namami Ganges-related projects which were inaugurated or laid the foundation
Although India did not win the title, the young players of India won the hearts of all.
The Prime Minister said that today, Jan-Dhan Yojana has completed three years.
I am happy that the youth are interested in learning about our history, our freedom fighters, the people who have sacrificed for this
The MoU covers the following areas of cooperation:
This is not fair to our rich experience and abundantly available design talent.
No new fund has been approved.
Jan Dhan Yojana has connected millions of people to the backing work system.
My condolences are with the relatives of the dead.
The dialogue between us has been enhanced at every level.
Therefore, I was surprised to learn that no Indian Prime Minister has ever visited Portugal bilaterally.
Every assistance is being provided to the state government to deal with this crisis.
The Russian side expressed interest that when the Indian Railways Ministry decides on projects to increase the speed of trains, Russia will want to
One hundred and fifty crore citizens of India will welcome with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
Friends, in my view and in the vision of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very broad.
Indian soldiers have shown the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
In India, per capita plastic consumption is considerably lower than in many parts of the developed world.
Its aim is to create a community that is at least functional and bring public transport closer to transit.
All these projects have immense potential for Japanese industry.
The Prime Minister said that the benefits of India's success are also available to our partners!
This is the fourth such event in a series where the Prime Minister is interacting with the beneficiaries of various government schemes through video
Reviewing the progress of the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister discussed the commitment of the
In fact, from Kanyakumari to Kashmir and from Kutch to Kamrup, from Amreli to Arunachal Prades
India and Russia recognize the establishment of a multi-polar world in international relations as part of the natural and inevitable process of developing inter
The Prime Minister said that in the last three years, the Centre has focused all its attention on improving the quality of life of the
The government debt burden as a percentage of GDP is continuously decreasing.
Our festivals have a special focus on saving rivers and water.
Today we are here with this belief that we humans can do something for this planet.
The demand for aviation fuel is expected to increase fourfold by 2040, as the aviation sector develops.
In his interaction with the Prime Minister, he informed about the steps taken by the Union Government towards improving connectivity and infrastructure in
Last year was the birth centenary of Nelson Mandela.
India can proudly say that not only male power but also female power is making an equal contribution to the Armed Forces of India.
Congratulations to all sports lovers on the opening of the synthetic track at the UHA School of Athletics.
I am very happy to be attending the opening ceremony of the Kochi Metro.
The Prime Minister for the fifth time interacted with various beneficiaries of government schemes through video bridge.
The Prime Minister welcomed the leaders of the BRICS and BIMSTEC families ahead of the summit.
Now I am talking specifically about food processing.
Railways, roads, electricity have been our priority areas.
Apart from this, working capital loans on transactions made through digital means have been increased from 20 per cent to 30 per cent.
The two leaders also agreed to promote bilateral trade and investment in a balanced and sustainable manner, taking advantage of the existing mutually bene
• The Union Government will issue immediate financial assistance of Rs 325 crore for Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Lakshadweep.
He said that the biggest challenge for medal winners is now beginning and they should not lose sight of the goal of the Olympic Games.
The Prime Minister said that the postman has long been a respected and accepted person in the villages.
My sympathies and prayers are with the people of Tamil Nadu in this hour of grief.
It is playing a very big role for the gramoda.
I am confident that the discussions on this platform will bring the benefits of clean, sustainable and sustainable energy to the citizens of the world
Within a few hours, the video on social media platforms like Twitter and Facebook generated a tremendous interest among people.
He mentioned several initiatives including the implementation of GST, the auctioning of natural resources, the improvement of the insurance and banking
The Prime Minister emphasized the shared values between India and Japan.
Both sides welcomed the establishment of a pharmaceutical plant by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
The Prime Minister will dedicate the Western-to-North Inter-Regional Power Transmission Line to the nation, which was set
Whether it is thousands of feet high mountains in the Himalayas or sunny desert, yoga is enriching every life in
Shri Modi said that Pakyong Airport will facilitate air connectivity to Sikkim.
The Prime Minister said that both IQ (Budget skills) and EQ (Emotional Skills) are of great importance in
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State's establishment day
It was also a feat done by our soldiers towards peace.
He said that Swami Vivekananda also raised his voice against social evils.
Our bilateral trade is more than 10 billion dollars.
When you read it, you will learn how today our youth try to change the life of the common man by using technology smartly and cre
Both sides reiterated that India and Russia, being a multicultural, multilingual and multi-religious society,
Being a Chartered Accountant Insolvency Practitioner can start a career in this new field.
The Prime Minister has been in constant contact with the Chief Minister regarding the situation caused by the floods.
He also informed that the fair and cash value (FRP) of the Gannes for the Chinese season 2018-19 will also be announced
The Union Cabinet, under the chairmanship of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved measures to promote the hydroele
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that we should think about how research can help our farmers.
He helped in the publication and promotion of Basu's research through his articles and conferences.
17. Both sides welcomed the signing of the MoU between the National Corporation of Indian Small Industries and the Russian Small and Medium
3. Short-term training of human resources in health
You all know that when we successfully put the Mars mission into orbit, the entire mission was for a period of 6 months.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is this: We invite you to the Make India programme.
Even today, the players of Team India are inspiring the new generation of hockey with the successes they have achieved through their hard work
The Prime Minister encouraged the Assistant Secretaries to take the best of their experiences while engaging with various ministries in the coming time
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will inaugurate the centenary of the birth of Nanaji Deshmukh at the I
He said that these steps are bringing about change in the lives of ordinary people.
More than a crore women representing different groups were covered in the Prime Minister's dialogue programme.
You have incorporated our culture into your own and made it your own.
As partners of democracy, the Republic of Korea and India share common ideals and views for regional and global peace.
I want to see a reading and literacy movement like this across the country.
Friends, until now, Indian importers had to go abroad to look for and buy raw diamonds.
The Prime Minister will also release a document highlighting the achievements of the Government.
The Prime Minister said that the Indian entertainment industry is popular all over the world.
He will also provide certificates to the beneficiaries of various schemes.
My dear countrymen, hello.
On October 8, we celebrate Air Force Day.
He said that today India is not only the fastest growing economy in the world, but it has also emerged as a country that is
26. The Russian side invited the Indian side to invest in the Russian Far East.
These experiences will enrich your life.
The Prime Minister said that the Constitution has been a guardian for us.
When such a big event is held, thousands of players from all over the world are participating in it, can you imagine what the atmos
The daughters of this country are sewing clothes from ordinary to good clothes.
Therefore, it is appropriate that there should be a Metro rail facility in Kochi.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
He was committed to eliminating injustice and inequality from society.
He said that India's water cannot be allowed to go to Pakistan.
The Prime Minister assured the athletes that the Government will provide them with all necessary assistance and facilities.
And so this weight of the numbers also sometimes prevents us from going in the right direction.
The Prime Minister said that the emphasis is on working at a fast pace on better infrastructure and spiritual connectivity for the entire North East
Speaking on the economy, the Prime Minister said that the world expects India to soon become a five trillion dollar economy.
The Prime Minister said that the two leaders also discussed ways to combat terrorism and extremism.
He said a new economic system is being developed on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad corridor, which will transform the entire region into a
Speaking about Shri Pranab Mukherjee, he said, "Pranab Da is an outstanding politician of our
57 squads of the NDRF, including 1,300 personnel and 435 sailors, have been deployed in search and res
That is, in a way, such a system is being created to connect farms to any market in the country.
The Prime Minister said that we salute them for the bravery of the martyrs who gave their lives during this cowardly attack on Parliament
First of all, I express my deep condolences to the people who have died in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
However, legal reforms can only give the desired results when an effective and efficient dispute resolution mechanism is available.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to join the International Energy Group.
I congratulate the Ecological Protection Organisation and its entire team and the citizens of Chandrampur.
The two leaders also agreed that given the extensive developmental experience and national capabilities of both countries, India and China as two important countries
Since the Council was formed 50 years ago, the industry has progressed rapidly in India.
For the first time, the triangular colour was chanted on the 75th anniversary of the Independence of India.
He has given his life in service to the country.
He praised the Prime Minister as a great leader and a world leader.
The Prime Minister said that he was told that in the 13th century, the Indian Sufi saint Baba Farid came to Jerusalem and he
We have a strong and favourable investment policy framework to promote domestic hydrocarbon production.
Most sectors of our economy are now open only to FDI.
If the family in the family always refuses the child and hopes to respect the child who is in love with them, then it is
Today, India is the fastest growing major economy in the world.
It is the responsibility of all of us countrymen to keep historical heritage safe and clean.
I congratulate all those athletes who are coming back with medals.
Now, people will be empowered through smartphones and digital devices to make financial services accessible to them.
My dear countrymen, you all are greeted.
He recalled that the Union Government had earlier launched Jan Dhan Yojana to ensure financial inclusion.
You are the interface between the government and taxpayers, citizens and companies.
She was a woman who could live a comfortable life but she was engaged in serving the poor.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he was fortunate to have the opportunity to do social work among the tribals in his youth.
On 31 May, I will visit the India-Singapore Enterprise and Innovation Exhibition.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55 thousand people joined together to make a new world record by doing yoga.
During the last two years, in 2014 and 2016, we have facilitated the return of more than 90 thousand Indian citizens from about 54 countries.
Congratulations to ISRO for the successful launch of India's largest, largest and most modern communications satellite - GSAT-11.
Six labour and three environmental laws have been amended, which means that young entrepreneurs now need to provide only self-certified documents.
He said that it is our collective responsibility to save the Earth Mother.
The strength of the India-US strategic partnership lies in our shared values and common interests.
India's biggest tax reform, GST, has been implemented recently.
A list of 26 islands has been created for overall development.
In his message, Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi said, "Congratulations on World Environment Day.
India's economic interests can be better served by a considerable number of available arbitration experts and lawyers.
The Prime Minister said that GST will promote a modern tax administration that will be relatively easier and more transparent and will help tackle corrup
The Swiss Bank has reported that the deposits by Indians have reached the lowest level in the record so far.
The Prime Minister said that the last few years have been golden years for the relations between the two countries.
Addressing the meeting, the Prime Minister said that work is going on at a fast pace to ensure that every homeless person has a
Road connectivity in rural areas has now reached 90 per cent.
Dr. Abdul Kalam has been working for a lifetime to realize the dream of a developed India.
For our part, obviously we want more Japanese investment.
The Prime Minister said that schemes like मुद्रा Yojana, Jan Dhan Yojana and Stand Up India are helping to improve financial inclusion
He said that our armed forces are doing an average of 10 major engagements with allied forces every year.
It seems like it's a life-death question.
It is an occasion to worship Mother Durga.
His achievement is particularly important because he made his challenge the means of his success.
Renowned nationalist and Tamil poet Subrahmany Bharati is known for his revolutionary poem Pudhum
This is the first time since independence that such a scheme has been launched.
During the last three years, my government has given special attention to the development of the overall infrastructure of the country.
Referring to the achievements in the clean-up sector, the Prime Minister said that since 2014 the scope of clean-up
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and our archaeological heritage.
This will enable the best use of national assets in the national interest.
The Prime Minister said that a quarter of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of a country.
As close neighbors, our relations are spread over many layers.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today addressed the centenary of Patna Vishwas.
The Prime Minister discussed Mahatma Gandhi's resolve towards cleanliness.
The new Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code will make it easier for investors to exit their business.
Both sides stressed the importance of pluralism, democracy and the rule of law as values for achieving peaceful coexistence.
The event will be held in the afternoon at Ring Road Tiraha in Hardua, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister urged the athletes to use technology to improve their performance.
Some of the oldest colleges, schools and universities in the country are also in Kerala.
India is one of the most investor-friendly economies in the world.
He said that the National Highway Network in Uttar Pradesh has almost doubled in four years.
Trade and investment relations between us are becoming more and more strong.
I will be going to Haifa today to pay tribute to my brave soldiers.
This change has brought about two important changes in Indian politics.
The Prime Minister said congratulations to Donald Trump on taking office as President of the United States.
The award will be given to Shri Modi on a specified day by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation as agreed upon.
It is no wonder that Japan has become India's fourth largest source of FDI.
Due to the many administrative reforms, the business environment in the country has improved considerably.
Over the past few years, I have visited Japan several times.
India is going through a period of many major changes today.
Security and Defence Cooperation has given a new dimension to our relations.
He said that Amul is not only related to milk processing but also a brilliant model of empowerment.
Today, due to lifestyle, due to the ups and downs, due to increasing responsibilities, it is becoming difficult to live
He said the government's goal is to double the income of farmers by 2022.
In this context, he mentioned various development-based measures of the government such as Ayushman Bharat, Swachh Bhar
If the inflation rate had been increasing at the same rate as the previous government, the budget for the kitchen of the common man of the
He said that the spirit of innovation of our ancestors must be kept alive.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and a spiritual tradition in India.
This monsoon session of Parliament will always be remembered as a session of social justice and youth welfare.
Any request for increase will be considered by the State Government.
The management of the remaining land will be carried out in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Assets Management (
The Prime Minister said that this memorial reminds us of the great sacrifices of our country's people for freedom.
He had incorporated almost all aspects of Hinduism into just 11 sections.
I know how much damage any political party can do if an action against black money is taken to eliminate fake companies.
I will also address the Indian community.
There, they will unveil a plaque as a sign of launch of certain facilities for visitors.
These are some of the questions I want to leave to you.
He appealed to all persons present to work towards 100 per cent sanitation coverage till Mahatma Gandhi's 150th birthday,
The women are empowered, and now they are also becoming armed.
The Prime Minister took part in detailed and separate review meetings on flood situation in the states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh
We are introducing a Goods and Services Tax law to create an integrated national market.
The Indian community in Portugal has played a significant role in deepening our bilateral relations.
In August 2016, a strict rule was made to curb anonymous transactions.
The Prime Minister discussed cooperation between India and Israel towards new innovations in the fields of food, water, health and energy.
But when we talk about Ganesh festival, it is very natural to remember Lokmanya Tilak Ji.
The Ujjwala Yojana for Clean Energy, Swachh Bharat Yojana for Health and High Given, Jan-D
Despite the rising prices of crude oil, inflation is still within the prescribed range.
My condolences to the people who lost their loved ones in the loss of life due to the derailment of Jagdalpur-B
He recalled Bangladesh's honour of Indian military personnel in New Delhi last year.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our Javanese security forces stationed at the border.
The Prime Minister will also unveil a plaque to mark the opening of a public housing project of 624 houses.
This will bring an end to the nearly 24 years-long issue.
These are our values too.
The livelihood has reached the hands of the poor.
This work will be completed within 36 months.
It is a good opportunity for sports lovers to watch exciting matches.
Instead, it should seek to achieve the real goal of bringing about social and economic change.
I salute Guru Ravidas Ji on the special occasion of Guru Ravidas Jayeeti.
He welcomed the celebration of the year 2017 as the India-UK Year of Culture.
Recently, I had two memorable meetings.
India has always been committed and dedicated to peace.
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
One of the features of the exam was that there was open discussion on various topics related to the exam.
The two leaders shared their views on their respective approaches to foreign policy to achieve global prosperity and security.
He said, "Wishing the people of Meghalaya on the special occasion of the State Establishment Day.
Strategic decisions are taken not only in the military sector but also in the factories of the defence construction industries.
Shagini Nivedita Ji also collaborated with the great scientist Jagdish Chandra Basu.
As a market economy, our needs and our power are complementary.
He praised the Ministry of AYUSH for setting up the All India Ayurveda Institute.
Culture and people-to-people contacts
The Prime Minister said that this conference has become even more relevant in the context of the challenges and responsibilities of the country.
We need to change this mindset.
Diversity calls for celebration, not confrontation.
The Prime Minister said that India is moving rapidly towards becoming a gas-based economy.
The scope of the MoU is to include the following areas of cooperation:
To this end, we have launched the Make in India campaign.
We both agree that all countries need to take immediate action against those nations that create terrorism in our region, help them, encourage them
Regional multilateralism through institutions such as AIIB can play a significant role in helping to mobilize the necessary resources.
Brothers and sisters, our country is full of new resources.
He said that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
And I hope that Tamil Nadu will not be left behind by any other state in this race, and will continue to push forward.
The Prime Minister congratulated M. Vankey Naidu Garuru on being elected Vice President of India.
Now, almost three thousand small and large traders have got this privilege through the new special notified zones.
Honorable Speaker, on behalf of the House, on behalf of the countrymen, I congratulate you and wish you all
My dear countrymen, on November 4th, we will all celebrate Guru Nanak's birth anniversary.
This project is also an example of environmentally friendly development.
The delegation appreciated the Prime Minister's stance on the issue of triple talaq.
The countrymen were able to sleep peacefully, so these brave sons kept night and day together.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through Dinadayal Endyodai.
The Prime Minister said that if the unclean environment is not cleaned, there is a situation where any person begins to accept those conditions.
Addressing the inaugural address of Bangladesh Bhavan, the Prime Minister called it a symbol of cultural ties between India and Bangladesh.
He said that our goal is to double the income of farmers and make their lives easier.
Fourthly, there is a need to invest in risk mapping globally.
I am confident that from a strong India and a strong Japan, stability will also come to Asia and the world.
In 2017-18, 55% of the total expenditure of Rs 64 thousand crore, i.e. about Rs 35 thousand crore,
He said that PSU has contributed significantly to nation building and the country's economy since independence.
Both these sites are living proof of the ancient and strong cultural and religious ties between the general public of India and Nepal.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi and Lal Bahadur Shastri on the occasion of their birth anniversary
India has shown tremendous resilience in the global economy, where uncertainty is continuing.
I especially urge my young friends to participate in tomorrow's dialogue.
Our cooperation and coordination on many platforms such as BRICS, G-20, Indian Ocean Rim Association, IBSA is very strong.
India is moving forward in all these areas towards economic reform.
The Prime Minister also said that these facilities will also attract tourists.
Our heroic martyrs have given their lives.
The United Arab Emirates is one of our most valuable partners and close friends in a significant part of the world.
• It is the responsibility of every political party to identify such leaders amongst itself and to separate them from the political journey of their party.
He gave the highest priority to education and social reform.
During the last two financial years, we have achieved about 55 billion USD of FDI.
This shows our commitment to giving homes to the poor, middle class.
As we have shown, we are still counted among the fastest growing economies in the world.
Together we will build a clean, healthy India that fulfills the dream of Swaraj.
A new medical college will be opened between each 3 districts.
This decision of the government will give more credit to small shoppers, small industries.
He announced the immediate granting of an additional assistance amount of Rs 500 crore under the SDRF.
The Centre has assured the Bihar government of all possible assistance to deal with the flood situation.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga.
It is painful to see people suffering from disasters.
During his tenure, the timing of the budget was changed.
The government has launched a series of transformative initiatives.
School children associated with Atal Tinkering Labs shared their inventions with the Prime Minister.
To live a healthy life, first requirement is hygiene.
Thanks to the generative energy of our country's youth, we are presenting India as a global manufacturing hub.
And then he printed some selected letters from it.
He appreciated the officials who have been instrumental in this change.
Any accumulation of dirt or impurities within the four walls of these places is considered impure.
My participation in the summit reflects India's high priority towards its neighbours and our commitment to the continuous deepening
Praising the Bohra society, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for them to be involved in the community.
Russia has provided support on its behalf for India's membership in the Nuclear Suppliers Group.
Don't let this chance go by the hand, friends.
Shri Modi said that drugs are being available at Jansadhsi Centres at 50 to 90 per cent lower prices than market rates.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the Archaeological Survey of India has done a significant job in the last 150 years
We have achieved more in the field of renewable energy than in traditional energy during 2017.
The Agreement will be effective for a period of 5 years.
The dream of a better India is in this.
The GST programmes and the tough action in corruption cases have helped people to do business honestly.
The Prime Minister spoke about topics like climate protection and smart cities, which were also at the centre of discussion.
He stressed that we, the people, should also act in accordance with the expectations that our guardian Constitution has set for us.
He expressed confidence that the people of Gujarat and here will emerge from the flood-related challenge strongly and successfully.
Preparation of Security Negotiations for the development of a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation
He will witness the e-house entry of 240 beneficiary families.
First Lady of the Republic of Korea, Mrs. Kim, congratulated the Prime Minister on being awarded the Sol Shani Award.
Now, in some parts of the world, Lord Jagannath Ji's Rathyaitra is celebrated.
The Union Cabinet, chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, was informed of the MoU between India and Italy for cooperation
My young friends, you know very well that I keep on doing mind-blowing.
He said that the Union Government is also putting considerable emphasis on the development of waterways.
We are giving loans to small enterprises without any guarantee.
This is my first visit to Indonesia as Prime Minister.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister highlighted the immense potential for cooperation in the field of energy security and food security between the two
5. Both countries called on all countries to work openly in international relations to reduce global tensions and promote the ideals of tolerance,
This is changing the supply landscape.
Indian youth have achieved excellence in this field through their modern and leaked thinking.
The Prime Minister said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat Yojana will bring about a dramatic change in the health sector.
This is the special beauty of India that in our culture, spirituality and science are complementary.
The opening of these two cancer hospitals will make Varanasi an important centre for better treatment of cancer-related diseases.
This will give great strength to our strategic defence.
He said that for India, there is not only an industrial change but also a social change.
The Prime Minister recalled his successful US visit in June this year.
My very best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ramanavmi.
All major agencies like the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and the Asian Development Bank (ADB) have forecast India'
Commending the various social initiatives being undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra Society, the Prime Minister said that the Government has
The department of molecular oncology of the institute was declared as Centre of Excellence by the Union Government in 2007.
This is the true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
During the conversation today, the Prime Minister outlined India's policies in the field of climate change and environmental sustainability in detail
The Bhagnini Nivedita Ji restored the pride of Indian culture.
Therefore, the government is trying to ensure that every citizen has access to healthcare.
We have also announced a new Intellectual Property Rights Policy.
India has become an attractive investment destination due to its low labour costs, large domestic market and strong economic stability.
He also said that this will create confidence among the common people which is the key to New India.
130 crore Hindus will respond to every plot, every attack.
This is his third Super Series premiere title after Indonesia Open and Australia Open.
Under this mission, up to Rs 5 lakh per year per family will be provided for admission to hospital in the second and third ph
Space technology will be connected to the lives of our people in this sector.
He believes that the rise of India and China as two vast economies and important powers, together with strategic and decision-making freedom
He popularized India's musical traditions on a global scale.
The members shared their views on the long history of both countries as well as on the maritime relations between them.
But the situation in the Yadatar House is that more and more of the officials are troubled by the situation here.
The next step of this movement should be to transform waste into a multi-value generator.
I will also be a candidate in this election.
He congratulated the people of Kashi for warmly welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron.
He has always inspired hundreds of crore countrymen to achieve this goal.
As a result, more residential and commercial complexes will be developed in the region.
His greatest contribution to the freedom struggle was that he made it a broad-based movement.
India's various economic reform agendas, including GST, were praised.
The Prime Minister said that he had fulfilled his promise of a one-rank one pension for former soldiers and he was happy to have
The economic and social benefits of the metro rail system are well known.
The 182 metre high statue of Sardar Vallabhai Patel will be dedicated to the nation on his birthday in Kev Diya
I urge all of you to join in this celebration of mutual goodwill.
Besides, we have uncontrolled the prices of petrol and diesel.
The issues of trade, investment, connectivity, youth and social exchanges were discussed.
He said that our youths can never be dismissed.
But let us not forget that it is not just government, money, planning, power that all work is done.
He called GST an example of cooperative federalism.
From my experience, we have to rely on people's leadership to achieve better results.
Today, the government is using direct benefit transfer for 59 different schemes.
I hope that at every level, at all times, as much force is given to rights, so too will force be given to duties
Later, the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patangli Research Institute in the Haridwar district.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of Minority Welfare Schemes under the Union Government.
The boost to the rural economy through this revolution will strengthen the Indian economy.
This law will play an effective role in preventing cases of crimes against women and girls.
I would also like to thank Ankdat who has taken this initiative of India forward with strength and played an active role in bringing it to
7. availability of healthcare equipment and medicinal products
We have moved towards a digital platform in retail and payment of fuel.
India is also making rapid progress in the Global Innovation Index, Global Logistics Index and Global Performance Index.
The leaders discussed regional and global issues.
Today I got the opportunity to launch a new Chartered Accountancy Course curriculum.
Exchange by them
The Union Cabinet chaired by Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the entry into an Agreement on Mutual Cooperation between the
My dear countrymen, it has been a unique experience for me to connect with all of you through the M. K. B
I was told by some people that a few days ago in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, more than three lakh people
The authorities are working towards providing all possible assistance after the storm.
Under this scheme, our fishermen will get loans, grants, subsidies from the government.
He said that the organisation of such artificial parliaments will increase the spirit of convergence among our youth.
He said that they themselves have visited the North East region more than 25 times in the last four years.
He also mentioned the benefits that will be ensured by the other development projects launched today.
In fact, it is an act that can benefit every spiritual seeker, yogis and even the common man.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of all the projects inaugurated or laid the foundation stone today
At the same time, it is the country's important responsibility to protect its citizens.
If there are grandparents, grandparents, parents, sons and daughters, all three generations can do yoga together and
He said that a comprehensive approach to education is being adopted under the overall education campaign.
The great Indian thinker and strategist Kauthiliya wrote Economics 2000 years ago.
Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have inspired the whole world.
No matter what the business is, its sole purpose should be to satisfy the consumer.
Earlier, India had won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
Shri Narendra Modi also called for a Mission Mode initiative for India's 100 most backward districts.
The Union Cabinet has given its prior-action approval for the signing of the MoU between India and Afghanistan on cooperation in the peace
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
The MoU will create a framework and will help to increase scientific cooperation between R&D and academic institutions of India and Canada.
A visual art museum has also been built in this revolution temple.
We are also partners in South Africa's skills development efforts.
Praising the efforts of the diaspora Indians, especially the Saurashtra Patel community, the Prime Minister said that diaspora
His father Kooda Binkar provides for his family.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capacity and enterprise.
Now this continent has become a hub of global economic activity.
On the occasion of Gandhi Jayanti, 02 October, 2018, the Prime Minister's programmes will focus on cleanliness and renewable
Single Window Assistance provides assistance to foreign investors.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that banking services through India Post Payments Bank will be easily accessible to the most remote
Indian women have played a leading role in peace-building efforts.
With them are my countless dearest dead.
In his message, the Prime Minister said, "I strongly condemn the terrorist attack in Kabul.
Let us move forward with this mantra.
At this time, the whole country stands with the people of the North East.
I would like to congratulate all the players who have won medals for the country.
The Prime Minister will pray before the Union of Unity.
Singaporean companies have become major partners with India in areas such as urban development, planning, smart cities and infrastructure development.
The two leaders also agreed to contribute jointly in a positive and constructive manner to the sustainable solution of global challenges such as climate change,
In their interaction with the Prime Minister, the winners shared inspiring stories about putting their schools into the Teaching & Innovation Centre.
The Prime Minister discussed the work being done towards modernization of transport infrastructure.
I wish all the countrymen the best of luck on this holy festival.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve today's challenges in the world.
India contributes six per cent to global fisheries.
We are also working tirelessly with each other to bring solar energy into the mainstream as an international solar alliance.
We noted that the priority of President Temer is to revive the domestic economic agenda in Brazil.
The Prime Minister also visited the museum, exhibition and audience gallery.
This is a living example of a changing environment.
Sister Nivedita started work on cleaning faucets and roads without worrying about her health.
The progress of the National Optical Fiber Network was reviewed.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to warn the nation that some elements are trying to put unfair pressure on the judiciary.
Public Ganesh festival became an effective means of promoting traditional devotion and celebration along with the sense of social awareness, colle
Chief Ministers and senior officials of these states were also present at the meetings.
BIMSTEC is a natural platform for regional cooperation.
Under PMGSY, 88 per cent of the residential areas have now been connected to rural roads.
My dear brothers and sisters, yesterday we have celebrated the Infantry Day.
Significant progress has been made in rural areas under the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana.
The Prime Minister appreciated the cooperation of Secretary of Defense Carter in strengthening defence cooperation between India and the United States.
One of the main reasons for suffering from such diseases at a young age is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and changes in our
Last year, to boost our capital and investment ties, we have amended the Double Taxation Prevention Agreement.
The Prime Minister said that technology is only beneficial when it benefits the common people.
• If the law is doing its job, then we have to work together towards those who are looking for a way to escape by talking about
He said that our universities need to move from traditional teaching towards innovative education.
We salute the courage and immeasurable services of the Indian Army.
Under this, we provide about 700 scholarships annually for study in Sri Lanka and India.
As of August this year, 290 million such accounts have been opened in Indian banks.
We exchanged views on important global and regional issues of mutual concern.
He taught people the importance of sanitation and service through his actions.
The independence of the judiciary is a fundamental feature of the Indian Constitution.
He will also distribute auxiliary equipment to the disadvantaged.
The Prime Minister also mentioned his visit to the cell yuler prison and the point where Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose had chant
A few days ago, we all remember that ISRO successfully launched GSAT-19.
Since its establishment, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been benefited in just 100 days.
Friends, Inflation has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers from the inflationary measures.
Therefore, we are continuously working to improve our investment environment.
And therefore, the state government is being given a lot of help in enhancing infrastructure in the state.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the Annual Conference of the Director General of Police at BSF Academy, Tek
He also said that the delayed burning of fuel during crossing the state borders would save fuel and also benefit the environment.
In a simple way, we all experience how things move forward.
He successfully launched 104 satellites into space through a single rocket launch.
People affected in disasters and after disasters are using social media to help each other.
President Xi and I will exchange views on many issues of bilateral and global importance.
The Prime Minister said that IIT Bhubaneswar will boost the industrial development of Odisha and will work towards improving the standard
I am looking forward to visiting Janakpur and Muktinath besides Kathmandu.
This shows that our young generation still has a passion for our heroes of our ancient heritage and history.
And if we give children knowledge of nature, perhaps in protecting the environment, they can come forward and work.
On the contrary, if a person cleans the dirt around him, he gains energy, and he does not accept the present
• Insurance companies have been advised to deal with the claims of victims of hurricanes as soon as possible.
The Prime Minister appreciated the schoolgirls for their scientific abilities and encouraged them to innovate.
He said that the countries of the world are willing to walk the path of peace and stability with India.
From the water to the mountains, people welcomed the sun's rays in the morning through yoga.
He will inaugurate various development projects in Kutch and lay the foundation stone.
Responding to a question on climate change, the Prime Minister reiterated India's timeless values for nature protection and its conser
He said that besides the banana sector, we should also think about the production of competitive bamboo globally.
We have developed an ambitious roadmap to make our comprehensive strategic partnership objective and action-oriented.
He said, "I will be in Jakarta on 29 May at the invitation of President Joko Widodo of Indonesia.
These heroes gave themselves for the protection of one hundred and fifty crore Indians.
Addressing a public meeting, the Prime Minister congratulated all those who have worked for this mark.
He will also launch a portal for coordination and monitoring of development activities at the district level.
We have a mutual desire for a strong strategic partnership.
Therefore, Swami Vivekananda had said, "Life's life is the shrinking of death".
I am seeing in front of me, a very large number of children are also present here.
He reiterated the mantra of Shri Inamdar - No Sakarsa, No Co-operation.
The Prime Minister also met with representatives of the Ceylon Workers Congress and the Tamil Progressive Alliance.
This has saved crores of rupees of the large consumer class associated with the poor and middle class.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has extended his best wishes to the people on World Health Day.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
Our goal is to provide every poor and homeless family with toilets, water and electricity facilities by 2022.
The people of Meghalaya have made a significant contribution to our country.
I am going to visit the Republic of Korea at the invitation of President Shri Moon Jae-in.
Now electricity has reached every village of our country.
President Temer's visit will open the way to cooperation in new areas with Brazil, an important strategic partner of ours.
Today, along with the work of human rights at national level, 26 states have also set up the Human Rights Commission.
The Prime Minister said that I am delighted to know that people across Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja
The Prime Minister will return to Guwahati from Etanagar.
He said that the areas near the sea could become the centers of our blue revolution.
Calling for focus on preventive healthcare, the Prime Minister said that the Swachh Bharat Mission is an important step in
Speaking to the media at Ahmedabad Airport, the Prime Minister said that Gujarat has experienced heavy rainfall in the last week.
These operations have been conducted in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, in various parts of
You too will have a series of such inspiring events in the future.
Jayalalithaa Ji's commitment to the people, her concern for the welfare of the poor, women and marginalised
From saints, from sages, from Muṇis, from the Mahagāpuras, we get to learn something every moment.
This is another area that can become a link to further connecting our societies.
This time, every devotee will be able to see the purity of Akshaywat after the holy baths in the Sangam
There are many aspects that have been revealed which can certainly be beneficial for students.
Today, hundreds of poor patients are benefitting from this camp every month.
In this event, we won 3 medals in mixed events besides 13 medals.
The Prime Minister said that the work of building the toilets was done as a mission.
Both sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the field of diamond manufacturing in the Russian Far East.
Thanks to these efforts, we have managed to increase our ranking from 142 to 77 in the ease of doing business.
India remembers its brave soldiers who fought in the First World War.
The museum also has 24 murals depicting various events and stories of the historic 1930s salt journey.
The Prime Minister said it is important to identify those who stand in the last line so that the benefits of the administration can reach them.
India will work with other partner countries and stakeholders in this area to build an alliance or centre to promote disaster recovery infrastructure.
Friends, our shared cultural and trade heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional ties between us will be strong.
He said that water is envisaged for every farm under the Pradhan Mantri Agri Sikhya Yojana.
One hundred and fifty crore Indians are waiting to welcome ASEAN leaders as our chief guests to India's 69th Republic Day
We will cooperate fully.
He urged members to raise awareness among the communities regarding their rights.
Our relations continue to move upwards.
He saw a significant place for youth in the nation-building sector.
Yoga adds to this scattering.
With this launch, we have embarked on a journey to create the most unparalleled boundaries of our participation.
Now, a significant positive change is also being seen in society in terms of digital transactions.
If America is strong, India will naturally benefit from it.
The Prime Minister said that the Centre Government will do everything it can to provide sufficient water to the farmers.
In this context, he discussed India's digital infrastructure and its interfaces including Aadhaar, UPI, e-N
Earlier this month, at an event held in Bhopal, the Prime Minister had highlighted the humanitarian aspects in our brave soldi
Today, solar energy is gaining popularity in India.
He said that during the last three to three and a half years, the Union Government has worked to fulfill that vision of social democracy.
Therefore, the Indian Ocean has a special place in the policies of the Government.
He expressed hope that the medal winners will not lose their fame and awards in the glitz and will focus on excellence.
Friends, It is also a pleasure to come forward as an ally of the United Nations in this whole process.
In such a positive atmosphere, amidst a series of positive events, today we are celebrating the festival of freedom.
Many state and central level taxes have been abolished across India.
My dear countrymen, after the holidays of Diwali, with new resolve, with new determination, you will
We will work towards a qualitative high level of military-to-military cooperation.
Five new metro rail projects have been approved which will lead to the construction of 140 kilometre long metro line.
The President of Indonesia and the Prime Minister of India agreed to hold annual summit meetings including multilateral programmes.
I would like to say with humility that since the independence till now, the sale of khadi has doubled.
This will promote the production of high-quality medicines, consumer goods and other medical technology devices.
He was an effective voice of the aspirations of Karnataka in Delhi.
He praised them for their dedication to education and for making it a life mantra.
Swachh Bharat Mission is an initiative in this direction.
The Prime Minister then presented the green flag to the Run for Unity from Major Dayanchand National Stadium.
36 industries have been excluded from the scope of the environmental clearance requirement.
India's basic values are embedded in our civilized heritage.
First, the size of the cabinet in the States was reduced to 15% of the total assembly seats.
The Prime Minister also worshipped a special prayer under the Statue of Unity.
A bilateral meeting with the participating countries is also planned during the BRICS Summit.
45. Together, we will build a India where young people and women have ample opportunities to realize their dreams.
The Prime Minister will then visit the Wall of Unity and inaugurate it.
They want to assure you that the rules will not change overnight.
Tomorrow, today and tomorrow there will be such a good coincidence that Yoga will get a new dimension.
Food processing is India's way of life.
I have spoken to Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pema Khandu and other officials of Delhi and other states
It has become the world's main development engine.
The Prime Minister told the members of the USISPF board that India and the US have benefited considerably more from economic cooperation.
On the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, I wish the people of India and the world, especially the Muslim community, the best
I also thanked all the parties that day.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the project of doubling the 425 km long railway line at Jhansi-M
The Prime Minister assured him that India would provide full and constructive cooperation to him in the successful fulfilment of his new responsibilities.
On this eve of Republic Day, I congratulate the heroes and their families with various heroic awards.
I wish you all the best on National Voters Day.
There is a lot of respect for teachers in our society.
In society, sports are still considered a waste of time.
I am pleased to see a large number of energy ministers, heads of international organizations and chief executive officers from oil producing
India exports fish and fish products to about 95 countries.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has offered his best wishes to the Air Force's veteran soldiers and their families
He said that the youth of India is taking the Swachh Bharat Mission to new heights.
We want to create land, sea and air connections in this area.
The OBC Commission had been demanding a constitutional place for years.
Regional and international cooperation will help to advance such projects.
He stressed that the government is committed to better living of senior citizens.
As an experienced MP, he enriched parliamentary proceedings.
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
He has worked to unite people by raising national consciousness.
I strongly condemn the violence and pray for peace with all.
A legacy that has connected our society for generations and centuries.
Through the Umang app, more than 100 bio-utility services have been made available to the citizens of the country through their mobile ph
He has given priority to the quality of every drop of water.
He said that this initiative will bring about a positive change and create a sense of responsibility.
He will also showcase a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram through video conferencing.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister warmly welcomed President Mirzyoviev and his delegation in Gujarat.
Because there are no intermediaries, things are very cheap.
It is therefore an honour for me to welcome a great friend and supporter of India.
He expressed his joy at the presence of large number of Japanese companies in India.
The Prime Minister said that a National Police Memorial has also been set up in addition to the National War Memorial.
He said that GST should be made good and simple tax, which would ultimately benefit the people.
Given the global uncertainties, India needs energy security.
Solar PV is more energy efficient than all other energy sources.
On the basis of a strong partnership, we support a flourishing bilateral trade and investment flow.
In this regard, they resolved to strengthen a close developmental partnership to modernize the nation and make its people more prosperous in
The whole nation is saluting the unwavering courage of Meena Ji, wife of Prasanna Sahu, a martyr of
The presentation by the Chief Executive Officer of NITI Aayog highlighted that significant progress has been made in many areas.
Training for employment and self-employment is being given in order to fulfil the aspirations of young people for a better life.
New laws have been made, old laws have been tightened.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has wished all citizens the best on National Voter Day.
Today, a Japanese township has been announced.
He has done a very good job in this moment of crisis.
• A training institute is being set up alongside the high-speed rail project.
The Act East policy of my government places this sector at the centre of cooperation.
Shri Jo Yeu Le Drau also briefed Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation
GST will further accelerate efficiency in further advancing long-distance transport by removing physical barriers at the state borders
Bilateral relations between India and Russia are motivated by a deep understanding of issues of mutual interest.
It brings goodwill to the society by making families sensitive to society.
He then gave an audio-visual presentation of the experiences of selected beneficiaries of the welfare schemes of the Government of
Together we will build a India where there is no compromise with corruption and brother-in-lawism.
After hockey, badminton has also brought good news for India.
Five companies of BSF, CISF, RAF have been deployed for relief and rescue work in the state.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to advance the country through public participation.
He said that this will be a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi on his 150th birthday in 2019.
Leading the campaign, the Prime Minister has shared a special video on social media, appealing to the people to send a message to our
Last November, India held the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
In Dwarka, he will lay the foundation stone of a bridge and other road projects between Okah and Beit Dwarka.
He was skilled in realising the idea.
I once again salute Shri Guru Gobind Singh Ji.
Under this programme, about 10 million households have been provided with gas connections in just seven months.
Talking about the self-help groups, the Prime Minister said that self-help groups play a vital role in economic and social
The Prime Minister will inaugurate the Holong Modular Gas Processing Plant in Tinsukia, Assam.
Yoga guarantees both fitness and wellness.
He said that this award is being given at a time when the country is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi
The day of the birth of Lord Mahavira is a day to remember his sacrifice and devotion.
Now that Kisan credit card will be converted into RUPAY card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from his
He said that a teacher lives in the stream of knowledge.
We will host a global mobility conference this year.
This will provide clean fuel (PNG) to homes, industries and commercial units.
Ayushman Bharat Yojana will provide a wide range of investment opportunities in the field of health-related infrastructure, construction of medical
He described the Constitution as the soul of our democratic framework.
At the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in resolving complaints related to post offices and rail
Thus, recognized trade unions will be responsible for maintaining industrial harmony.
I had the opportunity to attend a very special event recently.
I extend my condolences to his entire family, friends and supporters in this sad hour.
I was at the Agriculture-Unnati-Mele held in Delhi the other day.
I salute the people of India, Jaya Prakash Narayan, on his birthday.
Congratulations to daughter Shivangi.
Today is the birth anniversary of Vir Savarkar Ji.
He called on all countries to implement UN Security Council Resolution 1267.
Speaking about the first inter-national container ship arriving in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar
He said that the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
The Prime Minister directed insurance companies to hold special camps to assess the tax losses and to provide compensation to the affected families and benefici
This is the session when the country has got the opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
It is one of the countries that achieved the highest growth rate in the Eurozone in 2016.
He said that the government is giving considerable importance to innovation and research.
Kochi Metro Rail Limited is a 50:50 joint venture of the Government of India and the Government of Kerala.
This time, Diwali celebration with security forces in the Gurez sector of Jammu and Kashmir has been unforgetta
He also mentioned the various measures taken by the Central Government against black money, including demonetisation of money, and the actions taken on corrup
Two days later, we will celebrate the birth anniversary of Guru Nanak along with the devotee Bapu.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Siyatchin, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
This time again, Yoga has also set a world record.
He aims to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
The interest rate on these will also be lower as the guarantee costs are borne by the Central Government.
I congratulate the people of Chandrampur school, these my younger friends, very much from the heart.
Once in Kolkata, during a match, an opposition player hit a hockey ball on the head of Dhyan Chand Ji.
We have extraordinary political and public relations with every country in the ASEAN region.
He called upon the universities to promote the overall development of these 100 villages.
In fact, 1.25 billion people in India are just as close to the people of Japan.
Now efforts are being made to bring banks back to normalcy as soon as possible in the new year.
Good luck to you.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister praised the programme as an example of Indian traditions.
It is planned to get about 25 per cent of its total energy needs from renewable sources, especially solar energy.
The Prime Minister said that this high-speed train will not only reduce the distances between the two cities, but also bring people who
Addressing a large crowd in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke about the high ambitions and willpower of New India.
A comprehensive framework for a better society must be laid out on the basis of good knowledge.
This is an area where India needs to improve to remain competitive.
Recently, 16-year-old Shivangi पाठक became the youngest Indian woman to climb Everest from Nepal.
From the perspective of a foreign investor, India is considered to be a politically risky country.
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the mission.
We have set a target to increase the capacity of 175 gigawatts of renewable energy by 2022.
For this, I thank the KIDANREN, JETRO and other organizations for helping us in this process.
The purpose of this recognition is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Depart
Foreign investment in this sector has been invited.
Singhli and Tamil were the official languages.
The gem and jewellery sector employs 46 lakh people.
The result of 100 per cent lowering of urea has also been seen as an increase in productivity and a reduction in expenditure
This can only happen when long-term investments are made in business, creating employment opportunities and sustainable economic growth.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of sorrow.
Somnath has 20 thousand followers on social media.
Beneficiaries who borrow under this scheme will be provided interest subsidy on loan amount up to Rs 2 lakh.
We are reaching our importance in the world today through the rapidly developing airplane.
In search of peace, many people are starting to consume tobacco, alcohol and even drugs.
Such an opportunity has never come before in your life.
The 10 questions of the survey are as follows:
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families.
Shri Modi said that youth athletes should be encouraged to join the youth in sports in their schools and villages.
The theme of the IEF-16 is "The Future of Global Energy Sector".
His far-reaching policies in relation to various sectors have affected the lives of every citizen of India.
The South Asia satellite tells us that this is also true in the case of regional cooperation between like-minded countries.
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with them.
Peacekeeping operations are not easy.
The Prime Minister appealed to the people to provide assistance in registering the unorganized sector workers working around.
The Prime Minister answered various questions asked by the delegation members in detail.
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
The first phase is connected to infrastructure such as highways, railways, etc. while the second phase is ensuring that the benefits of
Strategic partnership
UN staff, diplomats from around the world, everyone participated.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the implementation of the Amrits Yojana.
Kerala is at the top of the list in terms of the number of domestic and international tourists coming to the country.
He said that the new format of the conference has improved the quality of discussion.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to help the states affected by cyclone storms.
It has received wide acceptance.
He said that the projects unveiled today will play a major role in the development of sectors like education, health, employment, skill development
Likewise, when you are strong as a country, you can also live in peace with all of you.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi shared the benefits of PM-SYM scheme.
On action against corruption
He was appointed as a permanent Judge of the Guwahati High Court on February 28, 2001.
The Prime Minister will lay the foundation stone of the roads to be built under the Central Roads Fund (CRF) by press
The India-Japan trade and trade summit will be held in India on the same day.
When works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are made available in different languages, our understanding and awareness of other traditions and institutions of
Pollution-free technologies, sea-based solutions, modernization of farms, food processing, health, life sciences and agricultural
Mr. Hawking's departure is sad.
He said that this industry is an important part of India's growing reputation in the world.
In that interview Field Marshal Manekshawus was remembering the time when he was a Colonel.
Your children have benefited from this.
He told the authorities that it is important to develop close ties with people to be successful in tasks and objectives.
We are confident that our people will be decisive partners in our efforts to create responsible, collective and inclusive solutions.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for exemplary performance in the international arena.
It has been embraced by our democratic traditions, which emphasize entrepreneurship and seek modernization for the prosperity
What goals can the jewelry and jewelry industry set for itself by this date?
This is the identity of the credibility of your Dynamic Course and Exam.
The Prime Minister inaugurated the Wall of Unity.
This payment was ensured to be made to the farmers through sugar mills.
Addressing a large and enthusiastic crowd, the Prime Minister said that today he is experiencing himself how Rajasthan wel
Unveiling the new healthcare system in Bihar, he said that this is a historic day for Bihar in terms of health infrastructure development
It is considered an occasion of worship of Vidya.
On the eve of International Yoga Day, the Prime Minister shared the complexities of various yoga positions on social media.
India and Cyprus share the same objective of rapid reforms in the UN Security Council.
The Prime Minister and the members of the delegation exchanged views on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The proposed Bill will ensure that the government makes the enrolment of workers' representatives in tripartite institutions more transparent.
64. Both sides underlined that the participation of the Prime Minister of India, Shri Narendra Modi, in the SCO Rashtr
I would also like to mention the hard work of the NDRF personnel.
Our slogan is more crops, drops.
I congratulate Bilal Dar very much.
In a joint statement on maritime cooperation, we have unveiled the framework of our cooperation programme in this area.
Even micro-plastics are now entering our basic foodstuffs like salt, bottled water and tap water.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has successfully overcome recent financial and banking challenges.
Urban development includes Pradhan Mantri Household Yojana, Amrits and Smart City Yojana.
It is unusual that her husband was martyred while serving Swati and Nidhi Mother Bharati.
He said that this decision will open the way to huge amounts of money in the development of the mineral wealth-rich districts.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius Shri Envind Jagannath Praswati Bharatiya Janata Sangh will be the chief
The results are already visible.
There are opportunities that are waiting to be used.
The Prime Minister reiterated that India is a strong supporter of the multilateral trading system.
A well-educated population will help India to achieve excellence on a global scale.
2. Support in the development of human resources and health services and establishment of health facilities
The Agreement between the Government of the Republic of India and the Government of the Republic of Armenia on Cooperation and Mutual Assistance in B
Raising the issue of black money on the global stage
The Understanding-Daswaswas was signed on 25th September 2018.
We have used technology to reach people.
The Government of India has also provided assistance to the activities of this Foundation.
His impressive performance in the semi-final will always be remembered.
He urged the States to give new ideas to the VIT Commission to encourage results-based allocation and expenditure reforms.
He unveiled a roadmap for the full development of tribes over the next five years.
This Bhagirath effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and sustainability.
And brothers and sisters, we cannot forget that without these great men, the history of the country is incomplete.
Now the incorporation of the company is a matter of one day.
In this regard, India can prove to be a better partner.
The presence of strong people-to-people relations and the wide public presence in Canada provides a strong basis for these relations.
He noted with great concern the growing threat of terrorism and violent extremism and its universal reach.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because he is confident that his money is being used properly for the w
He appreciated Prime Minister Abe for the fact that the project is being launched in such a short time.
During the last three years, everyone has made their own efforts towards water conservation and water management.
The main features of this tunnel are as follows:
The 16-year-old young player Tababi Devi is from a village in Manipur.
Let us now join hands with a greater closeness and strength.
In terms of FDI, we are now among the most open countries.
The MoU was signed in May 2017 during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India.
Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi paid tribute to Lord Birsa Munda on his birthday.
Science and technology
A memorandum was sent by the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend the meeting in person.
He said that the Central Government attaches the utmost importance to the development of eastern India.
In this direction, the Government of India issued a National Transit Oriented Development Policy in April 2017.
He said that the Indians, inspired by Mahatma Gandhi, have made Swachh Bharat Mission the largest public movement in
To realize this goal, the government is bringing in some new schemes for the country's one hundred and fifty crore citizens on
They can also cope with adverse agricultural and climatic conditions.
More than Rs 800 crore of unnamed assets have been seized by the government.
I hope that the success of the Commonwealth Games 2018 will inspire young people towards the Games and raise awareness of the importance of healthy living
We are the fourth largest producer of wind energy and the fifth largest producer of solar energy.
He said that efforts are being made to showcase India's glorious past and dynamic future.
This app is also beneficial for the businessmen.
The Cabinet, under the supervision of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi, has approved the extension of the Commission's term till
Record growth in the last two and a half years
The world has seen a long time of ups and downs in the stock market.
The poison of casteism, the poison of communism, can never do good to the country.
The Prime Minister said that actions like the Prime Minister's Safer Mothers' Mission and Mission Indradhanush have played a major
The Prime Minister said that Ayushman Bharat Yojana is a completely new way of connecting which will help to build a healthy
The Prime Minister said that there is a lot of potential in the tourism sector and the world is eager to come to India.
The Prime Minister said that it is his vision of development that all these states are progressing rapidly.
A pro-alternative dispute resolution ecosystem is a national priority for India.
Due to demand and technology, the nature of jobs in our country is also undergoing a huge change.
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto City and Varanasi, Japan.
Healthy India trips are being undertaken across the country within the 'Eat Right India' campaign.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate tuberculosis from the country under the National Cough Foundation Programme is a tribute
The Prime Minister said that Sardar Patel dedicated his life to unite India.
The Prime Minister also interacted with the people of Kawarathi and Kanyakumari.
In fact, this incident was not only reduced but it was also an attempt to push our self-respect.
Therefore, a comprehensive and rapid transport system is needed to deal with the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
Abdullah appreciated India's continued support to Afghanistan in developing and building capacity for Afghanistan's infrastructure.
On the issue of the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister urged the people not to pay attention to rumors.
The Prime Minister called for efforts towards water conservation and water management at war level.
The MoU aims to promote innovation, creativity and economic development in both countries.
In India alone, a huge campaign was launched to take selfies with their daughter.
We are a democratic country full of diversity.
MoU between the Ministry of Economic Development of the Russian Federation and the National Institute for Change (NITI Aayog)
My first two programmes will be in Sabarmati Ashram.
He will also see the demonstration of various activities such as beneficiary identification, e-card creation etc.
People from far away are writing letters.
In view of this mutual and global goal, I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being a precise partner.
He stressed that the development and growth of Jammu and Kashmir is among his top priorities.
We appreciate your approach and leadership to bring our country out of crisis and lead it on the path of economic prosperity.
The second edition of Dialogue for Conflict Prevention and Environmental Consciousness is being held today and tomorrow in Yangon
There will be countless events.
The signing of the Trade Measures Agreement today will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that there is a long-term dialogue between the most senior and
The Prime Minister has also congratulated the people of Andhra Pradesh.
Therefore, Make-in-India is stronger than ever for India and for the world supply.
The Prime Minister said that the purpose of the policies and decisions of the Union Government is to increase the income of farmers.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is among the major economies in the wake of the banking crisis.
If a new era of honesty had not begun in the country, would this have been possible?
On the occasion, he congratulated the countrymen and said that the bullet train project will provide speed and development and its
Progress has been recorded in important projects in the road and railway sectors such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project,
There are many important features of this metro project.
I wish all the best to all the countrymen of India for these festivals.
He has carried forward this movement with great piety.
Package of 12 services for free universal screening of goods for NCD.
This has liberated rural women from the tragedy of toxic smoke.
The name of the selected bank will be issued as a co-brand on the Kochi Metro Rental Card & App.
He said that sanitation is a simple measure for preventive healthcare.
The capacity of the National Consumer Helpline has been increased four times.
Investors are looking for growth and strong economic stability.
The Prime Minister recalled the role played by Indian troops in the liberation of Haifa during the First World War.
The Prime Minister said that the government is providing training, financial assistance and opportunities to encourage self-help groups across the country.
The Prime Minister said that more than three lakh companies have been under investigation for data mining investigation after demonetisation.
Recently, a scheme has been launched to bring electricity to every household in the country.
He also stressed that the government would ensure more seats in the temporary educational institutions so that students of other classes would not be
If possible, we should also go out and play with these children.
Prime Minister Modi and President Xi reviewed the progress in India-China relations from a strategic and long-term perspective.
It has given us the opportunity to emerge as a leading arbitration authority.
In a way, the whole of India received his blessing.
This MoU will help the Academy to spread its experience to NIPAM to run training institutions for higher civil services in the country.
The above-mentioned work done by the Captain Nishad for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
My dear countrymen, next month, I will come to you again for the next man's talk.
18. It will be connected to the National Health and Defence Mission under Ayushman Bharat.
We are approving loans of up to Rs 1 crore in 59 minutes.
This will promote and spread the traditions and practices of India in Colombia.
He said that Shri Vajpayee was such a great person who was loved and respected by people from all sections of society.
In his message, he said that I am honouring the people's leader Jayaprakash Narayan on his birthday.
I believe that the scope of reading and knowledge should not be limited to work-related aspects.
The movement was mainly aimed at the younger generation.
The Prime Minister appreciated how poor women have fought against all the opposite situations with confidence and resilience.
Amrut Mission has also included 33 cities of Tamil Nadu (thirty-three cities).
He said that now Varanasi is among the selected cities where cooking gas is being provided by pipes.
The establishment of a bench on the Pika Rebellion at Utkal Vishwabh Vishwabhanevar was announced.
He stressed that the poor people should also get the benefit of quality and affordable healthcare.
It showed how historically the people of India and ASEAN have been connected to each other.
This will prevent duplication of the process being carried out by various departments for recognition of trade unions at the Centre and State level.
These achievements have been achieved before some major reforms have been introduced.
My condolences are with his family and goodwill at this hour of grief.
Our present encourages us to work together.
The framework agreement was signed on 3 September 2016.
He said all stakeholders involved in the health sector are working together to bring about a radical change in this sector.
You have seen how the attacks have been carried out within 100 hours.
But we are in a free India.
It has the power to change the climate of the whole country.
On the occasion, the Prime Minister will also address a public meeting in Noida.
On January 30, we all pay tribute to the martyrs who gave their lives for the country by maintaining a two-minute silence
